started:  2023-09-07 23:12:48.404959
Tokenizing corpus...

Training n-gram model...
Train Size: 17865 Valid Size: 4467
Positive Labels: 14888, Total Labels: 22332
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\100-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\100-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\101-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\101-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\102-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\102-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\103-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\103-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\104-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\104-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\105-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\105-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\106-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\106-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\107-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\107-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\108-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\108-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\109-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\109-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\110-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\110-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\111-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\111-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\112-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\112-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\113-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\113-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\114-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\114-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\115-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\115-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\116-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\116-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\117-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\117-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\118-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\118-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\119-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\119-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\120-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\120-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\121-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\121-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\122-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\122-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\123-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\123-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\124-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\124-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\125-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\125-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\126-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\126-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\127-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\127-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\128-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\128-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\129-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\129-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\130-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\130-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\131-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\131-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\132-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\132-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\133-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\133-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\134-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\134-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\135-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\135-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\136-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\136-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\137-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\137-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\138-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\138-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\139-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\139-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\140-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\140-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\141-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\141-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\142-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\142-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\143-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\143-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\144-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\144-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\145-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\145-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\146-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\146-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\147-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\147-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\148-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\148-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\149-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\149-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\150-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\150-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\151-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\151-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\152-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\152-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\153-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\153-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\154-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\154-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\155-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\155-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\156-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\156-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\157-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\157-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\158-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\158-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\159-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\159-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\160-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\160-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\161-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\161-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\162-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\162-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\163-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\163-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\164-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\164-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\165-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\165-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\166-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\166-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\167-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\167-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\168-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\168-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\169-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\169-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\170-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\170-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\171-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\171-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\172-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\172-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\173-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\173-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\174-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\174-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\175-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\175-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\176-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\176-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\177-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\177-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\178-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\178-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\179-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\179-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\180-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\180-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\181-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\181-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\182-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\182-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\183-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\183-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\184-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\184-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\185-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\185-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\186-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\186-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\187-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\187-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\188-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\188-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\189-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\189-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\190-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\190-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\191-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\191-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\192-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\192-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\193-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\193-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\194-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\194-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\195-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\195-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\196-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\196-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\197-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\197-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\198-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\198-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\199-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\199-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\200-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\200-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\201-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\201-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\202-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\202-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\203-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\203-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\204-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\204-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\205-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\205-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\206-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\206-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\207-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\207-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\208-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\208-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\209-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\209-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\210-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\210-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\211-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\211-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\212-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\212-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\213-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\213-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\214-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\214-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\215-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\215-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\216-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\216-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\217-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\217-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\218-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\218-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\219-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\219-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\220-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\220-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\221-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\221-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\222-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\222-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\223-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\223-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\224-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\224-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\225-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\225-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\226-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\226-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\227-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\227-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\228-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\228-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\229-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\229-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\230-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\230-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\231-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\231-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\232-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\232-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\233-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\233-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\234-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\234-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\235-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\235-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\236-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\236-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\237-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\237-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\238-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\238-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\239-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\239-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\240-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\240-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\241-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\241-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\242-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\242-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\243-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\243-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\244-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\244-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\245-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\245-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\246-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\246-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\247-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\247-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\248-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\248-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\249-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\249-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\250-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\250-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\251-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\251-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\252-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\252-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\253-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\253-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\254-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\254-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\255-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\255-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\256-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\256-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\257-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\257-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\258-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\258-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\259-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\259-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\260-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\260-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\261-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\261-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\262-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\262-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\263-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\263-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\264-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\264-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\265-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\265-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\266-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\266-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\267-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\267-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\268-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\268-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\269-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\269-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\270-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\270-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\271-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\271-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\272-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\272-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\273-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\273-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\274-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\274-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\275-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\275-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\276-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\276-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\277-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\277-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\278-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\278-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\279-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\279-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\280-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\280-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\281-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\281-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\282-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\282-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\283-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\283-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\284-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\284-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\285-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\285-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\286-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\286-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\287-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\287-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\288-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\288-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\289-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\289-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\290-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\290-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\291-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\291-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\292-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\292-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\293-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\293-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\294-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\294-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\295-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\295-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\296-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\296-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\297-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\297-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\298-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\298-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\299-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\299-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\300-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\300-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\301-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\301-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\302-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\302-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\303-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\303-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\304-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\304-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\305-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\305-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\306-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\306-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\307-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\307-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\308-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\308-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\309-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\309-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\310-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\310-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\311-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\311-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\312-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\312-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\313-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\313-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\314-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\314-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\315-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\315-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\316-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\316-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\317-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\317-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\318-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\318-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\319-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\319-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\320-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\320-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\321-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\321-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\322-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\322-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\323-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\323-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\324-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\324-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\325-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\325-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\326-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\326-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\327-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\327-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\328-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\328-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\329-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\329-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\330-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\330-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\331-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\331-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\332-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\332-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\333-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\333-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\334-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\334-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\335-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\335-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\336-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\336-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\337-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\337-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\338-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\338-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\339-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\339-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\340-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\340-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\341-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\341-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\342-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\342-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\343-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\343-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\344-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\344-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\345-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\345-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\346-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\346-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\347-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\347-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\348-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\348-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\349-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\349-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\350-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\350-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\351-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\351-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\352-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\352-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\353-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\353-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\354-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\354-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\355-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\355-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\356-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\356-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\357-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\357-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\358-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\358-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\359-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\359-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\360-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\360-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\361-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\361-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\362-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\362-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\363-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\363-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\364-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\364-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\365-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\365-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\366-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\366-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\367-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\367-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\368-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\368-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\369-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\369-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\370-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\370-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\371-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\371-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\372-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\372-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\373-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\373-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\374-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\374-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\375-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\375-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\376-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\376-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\377-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\377-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\378-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\378-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\379-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\379-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\380-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\380-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\381-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\381-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\382-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\382-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\383-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\383-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\384-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\384-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\385-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\385-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\386-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\386-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\387-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\387-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\388-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\388-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\389-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\389-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\390-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\390-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\391-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\391-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\392-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\392-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\393-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\393-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\394-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\394-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\395-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\395-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\396-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\396-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\397-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\397-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\398-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\398-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\399-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\399-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\400-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\400-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\401-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\401-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\402-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\402-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\403-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\403-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\404-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\404-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\405-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\405-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\406-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\406-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\407-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\407-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\408-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\408-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\409-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\409-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\410-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\410-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\411-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\411-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\412-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\412-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\413-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\413-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\414-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\414-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\415-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\415-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\416-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\416-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\417-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\417-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\418-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\418-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\419-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\419-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\420-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\420-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\421-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\421-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\422-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\422-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\423-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\423-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\424-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\424-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\425-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\425-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\426-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\426-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\427-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\427-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\428-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\428-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\429-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\429-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\430-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\430-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\431-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\431-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\432-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\432-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\433-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\433-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\434-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\434-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\435-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\435-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\436-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\436-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\437-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\437-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\438-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\438-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\439-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\439-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\440-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\440-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\441-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\441-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\442-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\442-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\443-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\443-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\444-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\444-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\445-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\445-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\446-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\446-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\447-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\447-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\448-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\448-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\449-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\449-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\450-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\450-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\451-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\451-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\452-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\452-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\453-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\453-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\454-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\454-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\455-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\455-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\456-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\456-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\457-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\457-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\458-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\458-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\459-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\459-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\460-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\460-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\461-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\461-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\462-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\462-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\463-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\463-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\464-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\464-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\465-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\465-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\466-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\466-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\467-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\467-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\468-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\468-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\469-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\469-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\470-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\470-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\471-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\471-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\472-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\472-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\473-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\473-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\474-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\474-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\475-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\475-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\476-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\476-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\477-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\477-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\478-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\478-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\479-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\479-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\480-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\480-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\481-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\481-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\482-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\482-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\483-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\483-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\484-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\484-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\485-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\485-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\486-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\486-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\487-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\487-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\488-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\488-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\489-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\489-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\490-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\490-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\491-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\491-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\492-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\492-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\493-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\493-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\494-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\494-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\495-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\495-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\496-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\496-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\497-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\497-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\498-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\498-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\499-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\499-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\50-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\50-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\500-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\500-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\501-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\501-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\502-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\502-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\503-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\503-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\504-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\504-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\505-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\505-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\506-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\506-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\507-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\507-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\508-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\508-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\509-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\509-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\51-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\51-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\510-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\510-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\511-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\511-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\512-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\512-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\513-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\513-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\514-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\514-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\515-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\515-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\516-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\516-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\517-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\517-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\518-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\518-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\519-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\519-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\52-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\52-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\520-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\520-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\521-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\521-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\522-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\522-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\523-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\523-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\524-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\524-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\525-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\525-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\526-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\526-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\527-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\527-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\528-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\528-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\529-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\529-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\53-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\53-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\530-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\530-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\531-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\531-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\532-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\532-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\533-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\533-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\534-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\534-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\535-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\535-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\536-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\536-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\537-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\537-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\538-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\538-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\539-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\539-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\54-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\54-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\540-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\540-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\541-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\541-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\542-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\542-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\543-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\543-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\544-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\544-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\545-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\545-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\546-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\546-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\547-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\547-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\548-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\548-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\549-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\549-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\55-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\55-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\550-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\550-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\551-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\551-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\552-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\552-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\553-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\553-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\554-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\554-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\555-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\555-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\556-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\556-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\557-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\557-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\558-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\558-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\559-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\559-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\56-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\56-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\560-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\560-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\561-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\561-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\562-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\562-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\563-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\563-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\564-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\564-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\565-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\565-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\566-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\566-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\567-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\567-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\568-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\568-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\569-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\569-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\57-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\57-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\570-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\570-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\571-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\571-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\572-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\572-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\573-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\573-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\574-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\574-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\575-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\575-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\576-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\576-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\577-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\577-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\578-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\578-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\579-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\579-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\58-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\58-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\580-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\580-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\581-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\581-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\582-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\582-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\583-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\583-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\584-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\584-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\585-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\585-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\586-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\586-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\587-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\587-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\588-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\588-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\589-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\589-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\59-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\59-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\590-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\590-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\591-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\591-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\592-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\592-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\593-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\593-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\594-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\594-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\595-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\595-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\596-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\596-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\597-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\597-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\598-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\598-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\599-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\599-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\60-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\60-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\600-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\600-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\601-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\601-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\602-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\602-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\603-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\603-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\604-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\604-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\605-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\605-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\606-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\606-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\607-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\607-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\608-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\608-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\609-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\609-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\61-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\61-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\610-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\610-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\611-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\611-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\612-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\612-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\613-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\613-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\614-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\614-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\615-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\615-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\616-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\616-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\617-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\617-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\618-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\618-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\619-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\619-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\62-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\62-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\620-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\620-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\621-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\621-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\622-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\622-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\623-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\623-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\624-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\624-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\625-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\625-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\626-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\626-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\627-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\627-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\628-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\628-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\629-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\629-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\63-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\63-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\630-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\630-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\631-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\631-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\632-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\632-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\633-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\633-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\634-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\634-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\635-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\635-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\636-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\636-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\637-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\637-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\638-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\638-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\639-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\639-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\64-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\64-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\640-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\640-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\641-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\641-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\642-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\642-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\643-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\643-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\644-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\644-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\645-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\645-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\646-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\646-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\647-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\647-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\648-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\648-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\649-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\649-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\65-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\65-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\650-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\650-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\651-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\651-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\652-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\652-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\653-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\653-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\654-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\654-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\655-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\655-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\656-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\656-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\657-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\657-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\658-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\658-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\659-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\659-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\66-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\66-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\660-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\660-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\661-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\661-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\662-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\662-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\663-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\663-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\664-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\664-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\665-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\665-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\666-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\666-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\667-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\667-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\668-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\668-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\669-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\669-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\67-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\67-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\670-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\670-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\671-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\671-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\672-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\672-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\673-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\673-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\674-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\674-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\675-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\675-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\676-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\676-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\677-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\677-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\678-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\678-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\679-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\679-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\68-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\68-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\680-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\680-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\681-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\681-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\682-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\682-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\683-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\683-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\684-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\684-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\685-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\685-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\686-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\686-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\687-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\687-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\688-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\688-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\689-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\689-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\69-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\69-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\690-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\690-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\691-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\691-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\692-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\692-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\693-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\693-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\694-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\694-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\695-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\695-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\696-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\696-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\697-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\697-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\698-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\698-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\699-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\699-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\70-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\70-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\700-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\700-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\701-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\701-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\702-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\702-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\703-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\703-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\704-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\704-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\705-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\705-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\706-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\706-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\707-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\707-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\708-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\708-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\709-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\709-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\71-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\71-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\710-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\710-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\711-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\711-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\712-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\712-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\713-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\713-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\714-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\714-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\715-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\715-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\716-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\716-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\717-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\717-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\718-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\718-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\719-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\719-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\72-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\72-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\720-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\720-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\721-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\721-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\722-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\722-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\723-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\723-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\724-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\724-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\725-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\725-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\726-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\726-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\727-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\727-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\728-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\728-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\729-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\729-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\73-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\73-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\730-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\730-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\731-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\731-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\732-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\732-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\733-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\733-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\734-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\734-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\735-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\735-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\736-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\736-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\737-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\737-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\738-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\738-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\739-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\739-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\74-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\74-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\740-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\740-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\741-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\741-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\742-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\742-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\743-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\743-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\744-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\744-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\745-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\745-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\746-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\746-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\747-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\747-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\748-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\748-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\749-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\749-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\75-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\75-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\750-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\750-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\751-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\751-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\752-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\752-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\753-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\753-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\754-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\754-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\755-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\755-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\756-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\756-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\757-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\757-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\758-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\758-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\759-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\759-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\76-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\76-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\760-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\760-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\761-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\761-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\762-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\762-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\763-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\763-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\764-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\764-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\765-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\765-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\766-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\766-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\767-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\767-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\768-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\768-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\769-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\769-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\77-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\77-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\770-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\770-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\771-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\771-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\772-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\772-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\773-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\773-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\774-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\774-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\775-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\775-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\776-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\776-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\777-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\777-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\778-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\778-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\779-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\779-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\78-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\78-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\780-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\780-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\781-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\781-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\782-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\782-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\783-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\783-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\784-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\784-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\785-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\785-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\786-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\786-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\787-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\787-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\788-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\788-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\789-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\789-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\79-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\79-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\790-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\790-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\791-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\791-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\792-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\792-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\793-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\793-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\794-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\794-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\795-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\795-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\796-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\796-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\797-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\797-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\798-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\798-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\799-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\799-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\80-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\80-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\800-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\800-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\801-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\801-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\802-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\802-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\803-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\803-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\804-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\804-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\805-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\805-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\806-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\806-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\807-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\807-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\808-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\808-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\809-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\809-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\81-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\81-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\810-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\810-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\811-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\811-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\812-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\812-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\813-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\813-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\814-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\814-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\815-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\815-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\816-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\816-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\817-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\817-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\818-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\818-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\819-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\819-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\82-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\82-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\820-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\820-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\821-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\821-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\822-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\822-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\823-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\823-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\824-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\824-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\825-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\825-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\826-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\826-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\827-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\827-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\828-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\828-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\829-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\829-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\83-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\83-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\830-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\830-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\831-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\831-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\832-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\832-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\833-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\833-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\834-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\834-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\835-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\835-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\836-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\836-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\837-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\837-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\838-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\838-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\839-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\839-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\84-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\84-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\840-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\840-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\841-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\841-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\842-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\842-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\843-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\843-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\844-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\844-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\845-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\845-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\846-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\846-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\847-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\847-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\848-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\848-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\849-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\849-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\85-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\85-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\850-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\850-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\851-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\851-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\852-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\852-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\853-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\853-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\854-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\854-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\855-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\855-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\856-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\856-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\857-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\857-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\858-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\858-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\859-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\859-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\86-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\86-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\860-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\860-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\861-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\861-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\862-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\862-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\863-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\863-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\864-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\864-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\865-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\865-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\866-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\866-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\867-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\867-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\868-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\868-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\869-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\869-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\87-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\87-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\870-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\870-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\871-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\871-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\872-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\872-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\873-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\873-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\874-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\874-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\875-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\875-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\876-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\876-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\877-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\877-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\878-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\878-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\879-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\879-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\88-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\88-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\880-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\880-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\881-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\881-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\882-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\882-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\883-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\883-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\884-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\884-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\885-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\885-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\886-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\886-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\887-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\887-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\888-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\888-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\889-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\889-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\89-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\89-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\890-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\890-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\891-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\891-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\892-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\892-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\893-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\893-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\894-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\894-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\895-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\895-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\896-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\896-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\897-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\897-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\898-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\898-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\899-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\899-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\90-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\90-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\900-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\900-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\901-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\901-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\902-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\902-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\903-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\903-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\904-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\904-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\905-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\905-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\906-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\906-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\907-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\907-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\908-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\908-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\909-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\909-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\91-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\91-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\910-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\910-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\911-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\911-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\912-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\912-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\913-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\913-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\914-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\914-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\915-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\915-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\916-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\916-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\917-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\917-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\918-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\918-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\919-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\919-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\92-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\92-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\920-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\920-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\921-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\921-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\922-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\922-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\923-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\923-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\924-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\924-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\925-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\925-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\926-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\926-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\927-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\927-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\928-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\928-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\929-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\929-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\93-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\93-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\930-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\930-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\931-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\931-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\932-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\932-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\933-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\933-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\934-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\934-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\935-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\935-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\936-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\936-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\937-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\937-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\938-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\938-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\939-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\939-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\94-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\94-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\940-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\940-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\941-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\941-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\942-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\942-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\943-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\943-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\944-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\944-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\945-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\945-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\946-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\946-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\947-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\947-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\948-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\948-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\949-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\949-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\95-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\95-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\950-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\950-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\951-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\951-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\952-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\952-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\953-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\953-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\954-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\954-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\955-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\955-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\956-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\956-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\957-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\957-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\958-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\958-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\959-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\959-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\96-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\96-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\960-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\960-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\961-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\961-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\962-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\962-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\963-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\963-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\964-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\964-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\965-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\965-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\966-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\966-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\967-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\967-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\968-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\968-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\969-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\969-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\97-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\97-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\970-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\970-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\971-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\971-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\972-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\972-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\973-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\973-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\974-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\974-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\975-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\975-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\976-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\976-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\977-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\977-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\978-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\978-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\979-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\979-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\98-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\98-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\980-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\980-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\981-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\981-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\982-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\982-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\983-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\983-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\984-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\984-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\985-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\985-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\986-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\986-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\987-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\987-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\988-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\988-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\989-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\989-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\99-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\99-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\990-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\990-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\991-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\991-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\992-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\992-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\993-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\993-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\994-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\994-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\995-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\995-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\996-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\996-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\997-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\997-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\998-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\998-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\999-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/human\logprobs\999-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\100-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\100-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\101-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\101-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\102-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\102-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\103-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\103-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\104-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\104-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\105-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\105-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\106-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\106-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\107-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\107-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\108-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\108-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\109-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\109-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\110-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\110-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\111-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\111-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\112-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\112-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\113-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\113-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\114-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\114-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\115-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\115-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\116-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\116-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\117-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\117-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\118-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\118-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\119-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\119-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\120-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\120-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\121-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\121-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\122-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\122-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\123-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\123-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\124-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\124-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\125-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\125-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\126-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\126-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\127-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\127-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\128-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\128-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\129-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\129-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\130-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\130-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\131-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\131-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\132-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\132-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\133-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\133-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\134-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\134-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\135-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\135-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\136-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\136-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\137-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\137-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\138-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\138-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\139-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\139-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\140-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\140-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\141-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\141-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\142-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\142-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\143-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\143-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\144-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\144-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\145-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\145-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\146-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\146-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\147-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\147-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\148-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\148-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\149-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\149-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\150-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\150-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\151-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\151-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\152-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\152-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\153-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\153-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\154-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\154-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\155-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\155-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\156-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\156-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\157-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\157-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\158-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\158-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\159-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\159-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\160-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\160-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\161-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\161-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\162-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\162-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\163-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\163-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\164-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\164-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\165-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\165-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\166-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\166-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\167-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\167-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\168-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\168-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\169-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\169-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\170-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\170-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\171-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\171-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\172-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\172-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\173-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\173-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\174-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\174-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\175-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\175-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\176-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\176-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\177-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\177-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\178-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\178-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\179-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\179-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\180-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\180-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\181-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\181-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\182-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\182-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\183-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\183-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\184-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\184-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\185-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\185-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\186-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\186-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\187-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\187-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\188-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\188-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\189-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\189-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\190-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\190-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\191-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\191-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\192-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\192-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\193-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\193-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\194-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\194-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\195-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\195-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\196-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\196-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\197-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\197-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\198-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\198-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\199-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\199-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\200-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\200-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\201-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\201-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\202-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\202-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\203-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\203-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\204-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\204-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\205-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\205-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\206-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\206-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\207-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\207-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\208-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\208-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\209-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\209-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\210-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\210-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\211-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\211-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\212-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\212-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\213-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\213-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\214-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\214-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\215-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\215-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\216-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\216-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\217-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\217-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\218-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\218-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\219-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\219-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\220-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\220-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\221-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\221-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\222-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\222-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\223-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\223-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\224-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\224-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\225-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\225-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\226-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\226-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\227-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\227-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\228-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\228-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\229-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\229-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\230-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\230-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\231-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\231-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\232-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\232-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\233-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\233-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\234-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\234-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\235-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\235-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\236-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\236-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\237-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\237-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\238-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\238-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\239-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\239-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\240-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\240-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\241-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\241-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\242-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\242-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\243-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\243-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\244-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\244-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\245-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\245-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\246-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\246-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\247-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\247-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\248-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\248-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\249-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\249-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\250-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\250-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\251-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\251-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\252-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\252-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\253-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\253-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\254-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\254-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\255-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\255-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\256-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\256-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\257-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\257-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\258-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\258-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\259-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\259-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\260-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\260-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\261-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\261-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\262-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\262-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\263-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\263-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\264-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\264-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\265-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\265-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\266-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\266-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\267-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\267-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\268-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\268-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\269-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\269-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\270-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\270-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\271-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\271-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\272-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\272-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\273-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\273-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\274-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\274-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\275-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\275-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\276-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\276-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\277-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\277-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\278-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\278-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\279-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\279-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\280-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\280-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\281-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\281-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\282-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\282-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\283-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\283-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\284-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\284-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\285-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\285-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\286-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\286-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\287-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\287-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\288-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\288-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\289-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\289-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\290-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\290-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\291-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\291-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\292-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\292-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\293-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\293-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\294-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\294-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\295-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\295-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\296-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\296-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\297-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\297-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\298-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\298-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\299-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\299-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\300-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\300-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\301-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\301-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\302-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\302-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\303-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\303-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\304-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\304-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\305-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\305-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\306-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\306-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\307-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\307-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\308-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\308-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\309-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\309-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\310-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\310-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\311-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\311-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\312-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\312-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\313-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\313-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\314-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\314-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\315-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\315-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\316-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\316-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\317-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\317-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\318-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\318-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\319-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\319-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\320-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\320-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\321-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\321-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\322-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\322-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\323-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\323-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\324-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\324-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\325-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\325-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\326-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\326-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\327-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\327-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\328-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\328-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\329-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\329-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\330-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\330-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\331-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\331-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\332-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\332-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\333-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\333-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\334-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\334-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\335-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\335-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\336-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\336-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\337-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\337-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\338-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\338-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\339-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\339-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\340-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\340-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\341-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\341-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\342-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\342-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\343-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\343-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\344-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\344-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\345-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\345-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\346-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\346-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\347-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\347-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\348-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\348-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\349-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\349-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\350-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\350-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\351-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\351-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\352-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\352-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\353-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\353-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\354-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\354-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\355-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\355-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\356-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\356-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\357-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\357-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\358-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\358-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\359-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\359-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\360-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\360-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\361-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\361-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\362-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\362-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\363-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\363-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\364-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\364-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\365-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\365-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\366-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\366-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\367-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\367-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\368-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\368-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\369-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\369-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\370-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\370-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\371-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\371-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\372-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\372-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\373-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\373-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\374-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\374-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\375-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\375-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\376-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\376-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\377-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\377-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\378-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\378-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\379-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\379-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\380-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\380-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\381-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\381-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\382-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\382-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\383-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\383-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\384-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\384-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\385-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\385-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\386-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\386-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\387-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\387-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\388-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\388-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\389-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\389-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\390-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\390-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\391-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\391-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\392-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\392-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\393-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\393-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\394-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\394-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\395-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\395-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\396-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\396-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\397-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\397-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\398-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\398-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\399-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\399-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\400-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\400-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\401-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\401-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\402-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\402-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\403-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\403-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\404-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\404-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\405-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\405-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\406-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\406-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\407-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\407-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\408-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\408-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\409-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\409-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\410-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\410-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\411-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\411-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\412-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\412-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\413-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\413-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\414-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\414-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\415-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\415-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\416-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\416-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\417-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\417-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\418-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\418-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\419-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\419-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\420-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\420-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\421-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\421-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\422-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\422-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\423-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\423-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\424-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\424-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\425-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\425-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\426-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\426-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\427-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\427-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\428-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\428-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\429-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\429-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\430-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\430-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\431-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\431-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\432-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\432-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\433-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\433-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\434-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\434-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\435-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\435-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\436-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\436-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\437-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\437-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\438-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\438-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\439-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\439-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\440-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\440-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\441-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\441-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\442-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\442-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\443-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\443-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\444-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\444-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\445-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\445-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\446-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\446-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\447-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\447-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\448-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\448-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\449-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\449-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\450-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\450-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\451-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\451-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\452-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\452-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\453-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\453-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\454-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\454-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\455-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\455-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\456-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\456-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\457-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\457-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\458-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\458-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\459-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\459-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\460-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\460-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\461-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\461-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\462-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\462-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\463-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\463-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\464-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\464-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\465-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\465-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\466-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\466-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\467-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\467-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\468-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\468-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\469-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\469-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\470-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\470-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\471-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\471-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\472-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\472-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\473-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\473-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\474-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\474-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\475-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\475-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\476-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\476-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\477-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\477-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\478-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\478-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\479-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\479-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\480-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\480-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\481-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\481-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\482-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\482-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\483-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\483-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\484-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\484-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\485-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\485-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\486-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\486-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\487-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\487-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\488-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\488-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\489-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\489-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\490-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\490-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\491-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\491-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\492-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\492-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\493-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\493-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\494-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\494-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\495-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\495-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\496-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\496-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\497-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\497-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\498-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\498-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\499-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\499-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\50-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\50-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\500-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\500-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\501-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\501-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\502-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\502-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\503-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\503-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\504-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\504-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\505-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\505-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\506-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\506-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\507-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\507-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\508-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\508-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\509-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\509-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\51-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\51-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\510-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\510-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\511-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\511-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\512-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\512-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\513-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\513-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\514-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\514-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\515-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\515-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\516-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\516-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\517-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\517-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\518-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\518-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\519-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\519-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\52-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\52-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\520-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\520-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\521-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\521-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\522-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\522-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\523-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\523-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\524-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\524-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\525-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\525-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\526-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\526-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\527-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\527-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\528-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\528-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\529-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\529-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\53-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\53-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\530-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\530-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\531-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\531-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\532-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\532-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\533-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\533-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\534-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\534-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\535-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\535-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\536-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\536-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\537-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\537-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\538-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\538-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\539-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\539-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\54-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\54-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\540-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\540-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\541-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\541-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\542-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\542-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\543-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\543-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\544-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\544-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\545-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\545-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\546-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\546-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\547-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\547-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\548-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\548-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\549-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\549-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\55-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\55-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\550-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\550-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\551-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\551-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\552-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\552-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\553-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\553-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\554-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\554-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\555-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\555-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\556-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\556-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\557-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\557-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\558-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\558-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\559-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\559-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\56-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\56-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\560-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\560-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\561-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\561-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\562-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\562-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\563-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\563-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\564-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\564-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\565-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\565-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\566-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\566-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\567-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\567-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\568-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\568-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\569-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\569-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\57-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\57-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\570-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\570-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\571-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\571-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\572-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\572-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\573-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\573-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\574-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\574-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\575-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\575-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\576-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\576-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\577-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\577-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\578-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\578-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\579-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\579-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\58-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\58-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\580-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\580-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\581-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\581-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\582-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\582-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\583-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\583-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\584-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\584-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\585-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\585-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\586-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\586-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\587-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\587-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\588-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\588-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\589-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\589-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\59-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\59-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\590-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\590-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\591-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\591-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\592-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\592-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\593-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\593-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\594-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\594-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\595-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\595-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\596-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\596-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\597-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\597-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\598-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\598-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\599-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\599-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\60-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\60-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\600-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\600-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\601-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\601-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\602-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\602-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\603-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\603-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\604-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\604-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\605-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\605-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\606-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\606-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\607-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\607-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\608-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\608-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\609-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\609-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\61-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\61-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\610-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\610-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\611-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\611-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\612-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\612-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\613-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\613-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\614-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\614-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\615-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\615-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\616-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\616-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\617-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\617-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\618-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\618-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\619-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\619-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\62-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\62-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\620-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\620-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\621-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\621-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\622-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\622-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\623-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\623-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\624-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\624-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\625-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\625-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\626-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\626-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\627-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\627-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\628-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\628-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\629-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\629-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\63-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\63-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\630-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\630-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\631-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\631-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\632-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\632-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\633-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\633-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\634-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\634-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\635-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\635-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\636-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\636-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\637-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\637-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\638-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\638-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\639-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\639-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\64-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\64-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\640-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\640-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\641-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\641-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\642-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\642-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\643-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\643-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\644-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\644-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\645-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\645-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\646-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\646-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\647-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\647-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\648-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\648-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\649-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\649-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\65-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\65-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\650-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\650-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\651-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\651-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\652-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\652-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\653-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\653-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\654-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\654-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\655-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\655-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\656-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\656-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\657-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\657-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\658-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\658-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\659-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\659-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\66-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\66-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\660-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\660-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\661-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\661-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\662-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\662-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\663-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\663-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\664-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\664-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\665-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\665-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\666-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\666-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\667-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\667-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\668-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\668-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\669-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\669-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\67-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\67-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\670-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\670-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\671-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\671-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\672-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\672-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\673-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\673-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\674-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\674-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\675-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\675-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\676-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\676-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\677-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\677-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\678-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\678-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\679-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\679-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\68-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\68-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\680-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\680-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\681-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\681-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\682-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\682-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\683-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\683-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\684-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\684-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\685-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\685-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\686-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\686-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\687-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\687-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\688-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\688-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\689-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\689-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\69-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\69-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\690-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\690-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\691-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\691-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\692-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\692-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\693-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\693-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\694-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\694-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\695-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\695-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\696-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\696-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\697-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\697-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\698-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\698-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\699-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\699-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\70-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\70-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\700-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\700-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\701-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\701-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\702-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\702-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\703-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\703-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\704-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\704-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\705-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\705-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\706-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\706-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\707-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\707-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\708-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\708-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\709-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\709-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\71-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\71-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\710-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\710-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\711-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\711-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\712-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\712-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\713-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\713-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\714-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\714-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\715-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\715-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\716-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\716-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\717-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\717-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\718-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\718-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\719-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\719-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\72-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\72-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\720-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\720-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\721-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\721-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\722-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\722-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\723-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\723-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\724-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\724-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\725-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\725-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\726-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\726-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\727-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\727-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\728-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\728-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\729-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\729-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\73-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\73-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\730-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\730-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\731-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\731-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\732-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\732-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\733-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\733-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\734-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\734-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\735-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\735-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\736-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\736-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\737-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\737-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\738-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\738-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\739-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\739-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\74-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\74-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\740-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\740-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\741-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\741-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\742-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\742-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\743-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\743-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\744-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\744-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\745-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\745-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\746-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\746-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\747-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\747-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\748-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\748-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\749-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\749-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\75-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\75-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\750-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\750-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\751-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\751-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\752-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\752-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\753-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\753-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\754-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\754-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\755-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\755-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\756-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\756-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\757-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\757-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\758-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\758-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\759-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\759-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\76-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\76-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\760-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\760-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\761-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\761-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\762-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\762-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\763-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\763-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\764-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\764-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\765-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\765-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\766-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\766-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\767-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\767-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\768-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\768-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\769-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\769-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\77-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\77-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\770-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\770-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\771-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\771-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\772-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\772-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\773-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\773-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\774-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\774-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\775-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\775-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\776-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\776-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\777-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\777-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\778-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\778-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\779-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\779-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\78-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\78-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\780-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\780-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\781-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\781-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\782-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\782-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\783-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\783-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\784-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\784-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\785-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\785-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\786-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\786-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\787-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\787-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\788-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\788-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\789-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\789-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\79-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\79-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\790-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\790-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\791-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\791-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\792-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\792-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\793-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\793-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\794-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\794-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\795-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\795-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\796-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\796-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\797-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\797-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\798-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\798-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\799-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\799-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\80-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\80-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\800-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\800-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\801-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\801-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\802-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\802-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\803-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\803-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\804-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\804-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\805-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\805-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\806-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\806-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\807-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\807-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\808-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\808-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\809-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\809-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\81-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\81-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\810-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\810-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\811-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\811-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\812-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\812-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\813-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\813-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\814-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\814-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\815-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\815-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\816-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\816-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\817-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\817-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\818-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\818-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\819-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\819-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\82-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\82-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\820-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\820-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\821-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\821-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\822-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\822-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\823-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\823-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\824-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\824-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\825-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\825-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\826-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\826-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\827-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\827-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\828-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\828-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\829-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\829-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\83-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\83-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\830-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\830-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\831-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\831-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\832-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\832-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\833-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\833-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\834-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\834-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\835-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\835-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\836-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\836-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\837-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\837-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\838-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\838-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\839-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\839-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\84-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\84-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\840-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\840-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\841-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\841-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\842-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\842-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\843-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\843-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\844-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\844-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\845-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\845-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\846-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\846-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\847-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\847-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\848-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\848-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\849-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\849-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\85-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\85-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\850-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\850-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\851-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\851-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\852-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\852-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\853-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\853-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\854-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\854-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\855-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\855-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\856-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\856-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\857-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\857-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\858-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\858-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\859-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\859-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\86-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\86-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\860-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\860-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\861-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\861-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\862-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\862-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\863-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\863-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\864-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\864-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\865-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\865-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\866-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\866-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\867-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\867-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\868-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\868-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\869-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\869-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\87-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\87-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\870-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\870-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\871-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\871-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\872-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\872-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\873-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\873-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\874-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\874-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\875-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\875-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\876-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\876-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\877-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\877-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\878-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\878-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\879-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\879-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\88-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\88-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\880-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\880-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\881-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\881-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\882-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\882-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\883-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\883-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\884-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\884-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\885-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\885-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\886-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\886-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\887-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\887-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\888-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\888-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\889-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\889-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\89-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\89-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\890-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\890-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\891-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\891-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\892-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\892-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\893-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\893-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\894-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\894-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\895-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\895-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\896-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\896-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\897-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\897-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\898-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\898-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\899-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\899-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\90-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\90-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\900-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\900-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\901-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\901-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\902-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\902-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\903-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\903-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\904-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\904-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\905-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\905-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\906-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\906-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\907-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\907-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\908-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\908-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\909-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\909-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\91-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\91-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\910-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\910-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\911-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\911-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\912-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\912-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\913-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\913-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\914-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\914-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\915-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\915-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\916-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\916-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\917-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\917-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\918-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\918-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\919-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\919-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\92-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\92-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\920-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\920-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\921-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\921-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\922-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\922-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\923-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\923-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\924-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\924-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\925-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\925-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\926-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\926-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\927-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\927-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\928-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\928-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\929-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\929-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\93-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\93-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\930-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\930-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\931-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\931-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\932-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\932-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\933-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\933-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\934-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\934-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\935-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\935-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\936-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\936-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\937-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\937-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\938-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\938-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\939-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\939-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\94-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\94-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\940-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\940-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\941-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\941-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\942-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\942-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\943-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\943-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\944-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\944-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\945-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\945-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\946-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\946-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\947-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\947-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\948-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\948-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\949-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\949-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\95-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\95-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\950-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\950-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\951-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\951-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\952-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\952-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\953-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\953-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\954-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\954-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\955-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\955-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\956-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\956-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\957-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\957-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\958-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\958-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\959-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\959-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\96-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\96-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\960-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\960-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\961-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\961-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\962-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\962-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\963-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\963-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\964-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\964-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\965-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\965-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\966-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\966-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\967-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\967-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\968-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\968-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\969-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\969-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\97-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\97-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\970-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\970-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\971-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\971-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\972-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\972-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\973-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\973-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\974-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\974-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\975-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\975-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\976-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\976-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\977-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\977-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\978-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\978-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\979-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\979-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\98-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\98-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\980-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\980-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\981-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\981-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\982-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\982-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\983-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\983-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\984-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\984-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\985-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\985-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\986-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\986-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\987-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\987-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\988-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\988-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\989-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\989-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\99-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\99-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\990-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\990-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\991-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\991-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\992-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\992-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\993-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\993-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\994-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\994-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\995-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\995-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\996-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\996-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\997-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\997-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\998-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\998-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\999-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/gpt\logprobs\999-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\100-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\100-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\101-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\101-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\102-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\102-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\103-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\103-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\104-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\104-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\105-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\105-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\106-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\106-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\107-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\107-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\108-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\108-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\109-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\109-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\110-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\110-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\111-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\111-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\112-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\112-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\113-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\113-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\114-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\114-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\115-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\115-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\116-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\116-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\117-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\117-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\118-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\118-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\119-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\119-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\120-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\120-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\121-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\121-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\122-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\122-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\123-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\123-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\124-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\124-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\125-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\125-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\126-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\126-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\127-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\127-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\128-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\128-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\129-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\129-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\130-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\130-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\131-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\131-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\132-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\132-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\133-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\133-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\134-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\134-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\135-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\135-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\136-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\136-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\137-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\137-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\138-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\138-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\139-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\139-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\140-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\140-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\141-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\141-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\142-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\142-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\143-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\143-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\144-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\144-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\145-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\145-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\146-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\146-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\147-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\147-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\148-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\148-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\149-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\149-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\150-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\150-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\151-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\151-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\152-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\152-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\153-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\153-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\154-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\154-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\155-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\155-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\156-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\156-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\157-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\157-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\158-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\158-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\159-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\159-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\160-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\160-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\161-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\161-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\162-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\162-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\163-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\163-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\164-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\164-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\165-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\165-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\166-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\166-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\167-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\167-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\168-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\168-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\169-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\169-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\170-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\170-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\171-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\171-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\172-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\172-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\173-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\173-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\174-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\174-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\175-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\175-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\176-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\176-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\177-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\177-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\178-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\178-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\179-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\179-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\180-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\180-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\181-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\181-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\182-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\182-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\183-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\183-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\184-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\184-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\185-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\185-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\186-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\186-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\187-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\187-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\188-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\188-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\189-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\189-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\190-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\190-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\191-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\191-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\192-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\192-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\193-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\193-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\194-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\194-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\195-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\195-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\196-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\196-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\197-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\197-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\198-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\198-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\199-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\199-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\200-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\200-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\201-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\201-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\202-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\202-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\203-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\203-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\204-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\204-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\205-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\205-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\206-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\206-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\207-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\207-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\208-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\208-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\209-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\209-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\210-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\210-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\211-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\211-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\212-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\212-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\213-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\213-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\214-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\214-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\215-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\215-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\216-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\216-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\217-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\217-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\218-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\218-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\219-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\219-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\220-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\220-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\221-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\221-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\222-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\222-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\223-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\223-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\224-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\224-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\225-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\225-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\226-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\226-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\227-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\227-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\228-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\228-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\229-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\229-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\230-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\230-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\231-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\231-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\232-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\232-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\233-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\233-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\234-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\234-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\235-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\235-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\236-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\236-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\237-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\237-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\238-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\238-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\239-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\239-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\240-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\240-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\241-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\241-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\242-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\242-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\243-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\243-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\244-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\244-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\245-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\245-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\246-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\246-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\247-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\247-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\248-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\248-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\249-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\249-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\250-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\250-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\251-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\251-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\252-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\252-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\253-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\253-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\254-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\254-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\255-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\255-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\256-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\256-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\257-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\257-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\258-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\258-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\259-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\259-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\260-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\260-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\261-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\261-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\262-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\262-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\263-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\263-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\264-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\264-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\265-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\265-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\266-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\266-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\267-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\267-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\268-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\268-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\269-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\269-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\270-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\270-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\271-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\271-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\272-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\272-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\273-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\273-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\274-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\274-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\275-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\275-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\276-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\276-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\277-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\277-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\278-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\278-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\279-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\279-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\280-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\280-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\281-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\281-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\282-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\282-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\283-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\283-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\284-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\284-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\285-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\285-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\286-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\286-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\287-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\287-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\288-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\288-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\289-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\289-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\290-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\290-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\291-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\291-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\292-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\292-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\293-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\293-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\294-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\294-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\295-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\295-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\296-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\296-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\297-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\297-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\298-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\298-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\299-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\299-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\300-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\300-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\301-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\301-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\302-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\302-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\303-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\303-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\304-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\304-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\305-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\305-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\306-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\306-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\307-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\307-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\308-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\308-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\309-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\309-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\310-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\310-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\311-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\311-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\312-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\312-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\313-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\313-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\314-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\314-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\315-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\315-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\316-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\316-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\317-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\317-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\318-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\318-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\319-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\319-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\320-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\320-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\321-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\321-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\322-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\322-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\323-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\323-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\324-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\324-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\325-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\325-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\326-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\326-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\327-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\327-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\328-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\328-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\329-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\329-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\330-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\330-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\331-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\331-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\332-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\332-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\333-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\333-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\334-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\334-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\335-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\335-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\336-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\336-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\337-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\337-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\338-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\338-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\339-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\339-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\340-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\340-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\341-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\341-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\342-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\342-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\343-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\343-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\344-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\344-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\345-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\345-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\346-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\346-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\347-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\347-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\348-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\348-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\349-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\349-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\350-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\350-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\351-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\351-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\352-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\352-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\353-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\353-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\354-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\354-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\355-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\355-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\356-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\356-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\357-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\357-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\358-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\358-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\359-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\359-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\360-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\360-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\361-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\361-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\362-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\362-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\363-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\363-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\364-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\364-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\365-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\365-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\366-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\366-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\367-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\367-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\368-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\368-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\369-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\369-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\370-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\370-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\371-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\371-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\372-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\372-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\373-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\373-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\374-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\374-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\375-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\375-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\376-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\376-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\377-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\377-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\378-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\378-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\379-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\379-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\380-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\380-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\381-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\381-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\382-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\382-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\383-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\383-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\384-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\384-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\385-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\385-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\386-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\386-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\387-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\387-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\388-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\388-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\389-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\389-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\390-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\390-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\391-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\391-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\392-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\392-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\393-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\393-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\394-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\394-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\395-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\395-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\396-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\396-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\397-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\397-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\398-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\398-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\399-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\399-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\400-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\400-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\401-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\401-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\402-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\402-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\403-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\403-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\404-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\404-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\405-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\405-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\406-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\406-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\407-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\407-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\408-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\408-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\409-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\409-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\410-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\410-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\411-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\411-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\412-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\412-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\413-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\413-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\414-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\414-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\415-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\415-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\416-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\416-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\417-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\417-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\418-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\418-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\419-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\419-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\420-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\420-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\421-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\421-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\422-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\422-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\423-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\423-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\424-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\424-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\425-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\425-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\426-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\426-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\427-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\427-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\428-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\428-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\429-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\429-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\430-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\430-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\431-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\431-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\432-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\432-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\433-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\433-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\434-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\434-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\435-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\435-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\436-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\436-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\437-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\437-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\438-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\438-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\439-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\439-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\440-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\440-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\441-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\441-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\442-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\442-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\443-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\443-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\444-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\444-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\445-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\445-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\446-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\446-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\447-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\447-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\448-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\448-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\449-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\449-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\450-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\450-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\451-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\451-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\452-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\452-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\453-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\453-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\454-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\454-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\455-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\455-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\456-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\456-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\457-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\457-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\458-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\458-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\459-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\459-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\460-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\460-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\461-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\461-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\462-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\462-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\463-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\463-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\464-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\464-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\465-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\465-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\466-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\466-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\467-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\467-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\468-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\468-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\469-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\469-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\470-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\470-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\471-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\471-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\472-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\472-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\473-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\473-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\474-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\474-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\475-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\475-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\476-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\476-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\477-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\477-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\478-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\478-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\479-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\479-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\480-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\480-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\481-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\481-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\482-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\482-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\483-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\483-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\484-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\484-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\485-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\485-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\486-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\486-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\487-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\487-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\488-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\488-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\489-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\489-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\490-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\490-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\491-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\491-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\492-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\492-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\493-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\493-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\494-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\494-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\495-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\495-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\496-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\496-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\497-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\497-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\498-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\498-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\499-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\499-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\50-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\50-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\500-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\500-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\501-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\501-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\502-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\502-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\503-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\503-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\504-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\504-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\505-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\505-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\506-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\506-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\507-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\507-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\508-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\508-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\509-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\509-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\51-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\51-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\510-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\510-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\511-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\511-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\512-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\512-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\513-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\513-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\514-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\514-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\515-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\515-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\516-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\516-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\517-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\517-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\518-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\518-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\519-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\519-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\52-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\52-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\520-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\520-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\521-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\521-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\522-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\522-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\523-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\523-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\524-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\524-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\525-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\525-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\526-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\526-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\527-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\527-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\528-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\528-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\529-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\529-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\53-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\53-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\530-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\530-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\531-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\531-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\532-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\532-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\533-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\533-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\534-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\534-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\535-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\535-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\536-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\536-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\537-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\537-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\538-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\538-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\539-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\539-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\54-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\54-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\540-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\540-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\541-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\541-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\542-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\542-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\543-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\543-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\544-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\544-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\545-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\545-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\546-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\546-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\547-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\547-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\548-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\548-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\549-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\549-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\55-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\55-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\550-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\550-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\551-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\551-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\552-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\552-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\553-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\553-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\554-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\554-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\555-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\555-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\556-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\556-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\557-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\557-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\558-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\558-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\559-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\559-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\56-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\56-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\560-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\560-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\561-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\561-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\562-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\562-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\563-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\563-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\564-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\564-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\565-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\565-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\566-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\566-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\567-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\567-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\568-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\568-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\569-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\569-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\57-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\57-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\570-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\570-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\571-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\571-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\572-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\572-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\573-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\573-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\574-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\574-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\575-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\575-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\576-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\576-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\577-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\577-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\578-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\578-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\579-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\579-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\58-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\58-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\580-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\580-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\581-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\581-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\582-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\582-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\583-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\583-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\584-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\584-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\585-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\585-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\586-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\586-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\587-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\587-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\588-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\588-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\589-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\589-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\59-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\59-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\590-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\590-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\591-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\591-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\592-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\592-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\593-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\593-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\594-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\594-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\595-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\595-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\596-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\596-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\597-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\597-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\598-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\598-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\599-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\599-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\60-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\60-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\600-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\600-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\601-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\601-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\602-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\602-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\603-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\603-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\604-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\604-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\605-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\605-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\606-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\606-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\607-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\607-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\608-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\608-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\609-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\609-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\61-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\61-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\610-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\610-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\611-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\611-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\612-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\612-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\613-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\613-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\614-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\614-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\615-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\615-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\616-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\616-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\617-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\617-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\618-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\618-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\619-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\619-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\62-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\62-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\620-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\620-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\621-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\621-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\622-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\622-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\623-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\623-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\624-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\624-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\625-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\625-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\626-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\626-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\627-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\627-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\628-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\628-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\629-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\629-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\63-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\63-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\630-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\630-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\631-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\631-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\632-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\632-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\633-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\633-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\634-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\634-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\635-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\635-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\636-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\636-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\637-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\637-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\638-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\638-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\639-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\639-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\64-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\64-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\640-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\640-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\641-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\641-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\642-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\642-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\643-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\643-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\644-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\644-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\645-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\645-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\646-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\646-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\647-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\647-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\648-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\648-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\649-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\649-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\65-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\65-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\650-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\650-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\651-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\651-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\652-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\652-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\653-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\653-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\654-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\654-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\655-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\655-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\656-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\656-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\657-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\657-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\658-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\658-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\659-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\659-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\66-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\66-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\660-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\660-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\661-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\661-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\662-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\662-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\663-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\663-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\664-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\664-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\665-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\665-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\666-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\666-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\667-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\667-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\668-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\668-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\669-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\669-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\67-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\67-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\670-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\670-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\671-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\671-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\672-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\672-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\673-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\673-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\674-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\674-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\675-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\675-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\676-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\676-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\677-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\677-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\678-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\678-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\679-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\679-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\68-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\68-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\680-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\680-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\681-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\681-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\682-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\682-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\683-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\683-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\684-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\684-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\685-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\685-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\686-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\686-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\687-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\687-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\688-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\688-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\689-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\689-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\69-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\69-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\690-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\690-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\691-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\691-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\692-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\692-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\693-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\693-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\694-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\694-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\695-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\695-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\696-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\696-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\697-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\697-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\698-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\698-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\699-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\699-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\70-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\70-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\700-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\700-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\701-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\701-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\702-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\702-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\703-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\703-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\704-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\704-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\705-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\705-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\706-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\706-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\707-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\707-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\708-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\708-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\709-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\709-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\71-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\71-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\710-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\710-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\711-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\711-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\712-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\712-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\713-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\713-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\714-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\714-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\715-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\715-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\716-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\716-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\717-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\717-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\718-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\718-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\719-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\719-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\72-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\72-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\720-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\720-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\721-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\721-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\722-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\722-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\723-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\723-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\724-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\724-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\725-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\725-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\726-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\726-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\727-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\727-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\728-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\728-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\729-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\729-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\73-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\73-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\730-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\730-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\731-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\731-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\732-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\732-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\733-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\733-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\734-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\734-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\735-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\735-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\736-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\736-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\737-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\737-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\738-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\738-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\739-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\739-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\74-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\74-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\740-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\740-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\741-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\741-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\742-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\742-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\743-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\743-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\744-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\744-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\745-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\745-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\746-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\746-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\747-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\747-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\748-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\748-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\749-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\749-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\75-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\75-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\750-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\750-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\751-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\751-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\752-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\752-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\753-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\753-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\754-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\754-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\755-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\755-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\756-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\756-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\757-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\757-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\758-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\758-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\759-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\759-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\76-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\76-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\760-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\760-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\761-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\761-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\762-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\762-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\763-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\763-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\764-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\764-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\765-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\765-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\766-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\766-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\767-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\767-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\768-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\768-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\769-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\769-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\77-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\77-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\770-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\770-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\771-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\771-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\772-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\772-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\773-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\773-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\774-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\774-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\775-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\775-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\776-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\776-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\777-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\777-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\778-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\778-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\779-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\779-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\78-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\78-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\780-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\780-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\781-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\781-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\782-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\782-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\783-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\783-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\784-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\784-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\785-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\785-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\786-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\786-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\787-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\787-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\788-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\788-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\789-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\789-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\79-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\79-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\790-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\790-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\791-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\791-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\792-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\792-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\793-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\793-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\794-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\794-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\795-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\795-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\796-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\796-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\797-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\797-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\798-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\798-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\799-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\799-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\80-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\80-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\800-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\800-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\801-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\801-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\802-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\802-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\803-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\803-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\804-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\804-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\805-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\805-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\806-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\806-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\807-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\807-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\808-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\808-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\809-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\809-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\81-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\81-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\810-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\810-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\811-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\811-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\812-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\812-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\813-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\813-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\814-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\814-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\815-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\815-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\816-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\816-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\817-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\817-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\818-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\818-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\819-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\819-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\82-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\82-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\820-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\820-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\821-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\821-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\822-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\822-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\823-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\823-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\824-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\824-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\825-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\825-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\826-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\826-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\827-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\827-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\828-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\828-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\829-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\829-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\83-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\83-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\830-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\830-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\831-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\831-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\832-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\832-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\833-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\833-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\834-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\834-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\835-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\835-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\836-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\836-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\837-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\837-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\838-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\838-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\839-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\839-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\84-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\84-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\840-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\840-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\841-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\841-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\842-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\842-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\843-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\843-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\844-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\844-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\845-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\845-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\846-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\846-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\847-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\847-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\848-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\848-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\849-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\849-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\85-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\85-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\850-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\850-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\851-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\851-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\852-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\852-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\853-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\853-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\854-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\854-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\855-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\855-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\856-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\856-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\857-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\857-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\858-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\858-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\859-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\859-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\86-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\86-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\860-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\860-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\861-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\861-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\862-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\862-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\863-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\863-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\864-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\864-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\865-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\865-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\866-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\866-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\867-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\867-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\868-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\868-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\869-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\869-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\87-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\87-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\870-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\870-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\871-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\871-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\872-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\872-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\873-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\873-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\874-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\874-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\875-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\875-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\876-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\876-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\877-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\877-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\878-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\878-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\879-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\879-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\88-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\88-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\880-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\880-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\881-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\881-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\882-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\882-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\883-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\883-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\884-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\884-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\885-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\885-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\886-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\886-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\887-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\887-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\888-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\888-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\889-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\889-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\89-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\89-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\890-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\890-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\891-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\891-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\892-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\892-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\893-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\893-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\894-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\894-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\895-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\895-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\896-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\896-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\897-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\897-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\898-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\898-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\899-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\899-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\90-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\90-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\900-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\900-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\901-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\901-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\902-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\902-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\903-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\903-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\904-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\904-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\905-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\905-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\906-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\906-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\907-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\907-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\908-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\908-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\909-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\909-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\91-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\91-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\910-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\910-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\911-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\911-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\912-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\912-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\913-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\913-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\914-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\914-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\915-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\915-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\916-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\916-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\917-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\917-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\918-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\918-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\919-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\919-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\92-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\92-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\920-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\920-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\921-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\921-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\922-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\922-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\923-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\923-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\924-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\924-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\925-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\925-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\926-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\926-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\927-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\927-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\928-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\928-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\929-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\929-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\93-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\93-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\930-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\930-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\931-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\931-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\932-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\932-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\933-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\933-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\934-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\934-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\935-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\935-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\936-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\936-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\937-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\937-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\938-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\938-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\939-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\939-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\94-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\94-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\940-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\940-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\941-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\941-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\942-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\942-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\943-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\943-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\944-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\944-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\945-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\945-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\946-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\946-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\947-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\947-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\948-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\948-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\949-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\949-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\95-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\95-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\950-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\950-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\951-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\951-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\952-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\952-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\953-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\953-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\954-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\954-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\955-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\955-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\956-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\956-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\957-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\957-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\958-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\958-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\959-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\959-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\96-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\96-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\960-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\960-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\961-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\961-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\962-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\962-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\963-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\963-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\964-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\964-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\965-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\965-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\966-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\966-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\967-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\967-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\968-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\968-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\969-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\969-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\97-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\97-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\970-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\970-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\971-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\971-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\972-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\972-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\973-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\973-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\974-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\974-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\975-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\975-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\976-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\976-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\977-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\977-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\978-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\978-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\979-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\979-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\98-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\98-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\980-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\980-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\981-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\981-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\982-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\982-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\983-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\983-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\984-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\984-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\985-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\985-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\986-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\986-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\987-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\987-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\988-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\988-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\989-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\989-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\99-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\99-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\990-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\990-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\991-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\991-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\992-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\992-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\993-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\993-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\994-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\994-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\995-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\995-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\996-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\996-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\997-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\997-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\998-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\998-ada.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\999-davinci.txt
file reading  writing_prompts/data/claude\logprobs\999-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\106247newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\106247newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\120600newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\120600newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\120683newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\120683newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\136958newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\136958newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\137498newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\137498newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\14014newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\14014newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\156814newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\156814newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\182596newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\182596newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\186392newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\186392newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\193495newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\193495newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\196805newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\196805newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\197734newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\197734newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\206838newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\206838newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\231479newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\231479newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\233150newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\233150newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\237175newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\237175newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\249407newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\249407newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\2537newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\2537newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\266038newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\266038newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\269995newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\269995newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\269999newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\269999newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\270046newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\270046newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\270084newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\270084newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\270134newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\270134newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\270346newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\270346newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\275174newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\275174newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\277117newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\277117newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\277513newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\277513newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\290125newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\290125newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\299375newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\299375newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\312178newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\312178newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\324896newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\324896newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\325347newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\325347newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\330967newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\330967newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\331411newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\331411newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\347226newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\347226newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\354135newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\354135newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\354285newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\354285newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\357147newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\357147newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\366020newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\366020newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\369570newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\369570newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\371380newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\371380newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\372744newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\372744newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\372989newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\372989newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\372995newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\372995newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\378457newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\378457newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\394237newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\394237newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\398094newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\398094newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\401260newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\401260newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\407599newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\407599newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\101797newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\101797newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10306newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10306newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\104277newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\104277newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\104278newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\104278newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10650newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10650newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\109906newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\109906newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\110434newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\110434newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\113639newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\113639newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\116293newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\116293newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\119516newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\119516newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\122806newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\122806newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\122816newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\122816newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\123025newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\123025newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\125627newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\125627newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\126217newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\126217newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\128393newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\128393newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\128405newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\128405newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\128844newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\128844newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\133183newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\133183newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\134960newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\134960newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\135777newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\135777newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\136471newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\136471newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\139110newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\139110newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\140051newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\140051newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\142624newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\142624newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\143222newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\143222newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\156046newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\156046newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\156330newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\156330newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\185955newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\185955newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\188747newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\188747newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\194349newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\194349newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\194437newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\194437newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\194611newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\194611newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\194667newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\194667newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\196144newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\196144newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\199535newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\199535newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\205959newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\205959newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\206307newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\206307newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\20910newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\20910newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\212203newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\212203newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\212274newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\212274newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\212834newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\212834newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\21296newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\21296newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\213609newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\213609newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\213833newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\213833newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\213896newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\213896newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\216602newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\216602newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\217025newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\217025newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\224640newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\224640newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\225900newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\225900newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\107525newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\107525newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\109096newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\109096newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\110282newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\110282newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\134290newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\134290newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\134584newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\134584newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\134595newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\134595newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\134983newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\134983newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\135627newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\135627newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\141391newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\141391newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\141943newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\141943newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\144367newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\144367newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\16167newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\16167newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\162656newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\162656newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\162657newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\162657newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\164269newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\164269newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\164287newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\164287newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\164558newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\164558newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\165875newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\165875newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\172146newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\172146newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\179671newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\179671newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18111newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18111newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18227newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18227newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\184789newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\184789newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\185613newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\185613newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\188417newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\188417newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\21127newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\21127newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\219512newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\219512newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\219521newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\219521newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\220666newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\220666newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\223283newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\223283newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\223300newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\223300newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\223793newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\223793newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\224655newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\224655newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\225590newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\225590newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\236412newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\236412newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\237953newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\237953newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\238090newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\238090newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\23876newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\23876newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\239202newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\239202newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\240608newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\240608newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\251540newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\251540newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\268005newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\268005newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\272743newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\272743newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\274612newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\274612newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\289578newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\289578newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\29098newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\29098newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\300452newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\300452newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\302382newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\302382newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\304231newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\304231newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\307212newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\307212newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\102444newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\102444newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\106762newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\106762newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\110733newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\110733newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\112125newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\112125newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\114204newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\114204newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\115482newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\115482newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\118614newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\118614newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\118687newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\118687newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\12228newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\12228newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\129162newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\129162newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\133520newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\133520newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\135232newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\135232newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\14439newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\14439newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\145148newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\145148newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\145736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\145736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\146225newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\146225newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\150365newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\150365newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\151860newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\151860newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\155059newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\155059newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\155439newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\155439newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\15741newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\15741newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\166435newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\166435newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\174581newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\174581newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\177874newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\177874newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\178518newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\178518newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\182490newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\182490newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\18363newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\18363newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\186173newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\186173newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\186199newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\186199newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\187423newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\187423newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\188955newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\188955newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\188988newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\188988newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\189031newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\189031newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\190439newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\190439newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\192394newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\192394newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\195350newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\195350newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\198232newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\198232newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\201374newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\201374newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\204845newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\204845newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\211064newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\211064newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\214183newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\214183newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\21575newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\21575newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\221670newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\221670newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\222816newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\222816newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\231106newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\231106newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\232863newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\232863newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\235646newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\235646newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\241295newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\241295newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\241719newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\241719newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\24300newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\24300newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\103816newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\103816newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\110697newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\110697newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\111971newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\111971newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\111981newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\111981newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\117740newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\117740newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\118434newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\118434newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\118448newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\118448newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\118470newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\118470newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\118472newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\118472newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\118901newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\118901newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\148778newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\148778newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\148786newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\148786newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\151764newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\151764newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\154997newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\154997newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\155005newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\155005newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\164986newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\164986newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\165020newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\165020newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\165334newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\165334newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\174426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\174426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\176080newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\176080newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\181034newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\181034newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\18328newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\18328newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\184099newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\184099newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\184111newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\184111newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\198061newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\198061newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\201116newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\201116newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\218591newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\218591newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\223842newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\223842newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\223856newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\223856newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\223857newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\223857newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\242252newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\242252newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\250680newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\250680newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\25315newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\25315newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\25320newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\25320newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\25344newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\25344newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\294933newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\294933newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\294952newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\294952newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\30677newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\30677newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\31892newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\31892newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\322990newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\322990newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\322996newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\322996newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\323527newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\323527newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\33299newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\33299newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\33301newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\33301newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\33315newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\33315newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\354020newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\354020newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\355589newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\355589newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\361792newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\361792newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\361793newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\361793newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\361820newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\361820newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\102760newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\102760newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\117102newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\117102newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\142661newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\142661newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\144035newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\144035newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\146644newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\146644newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\146870newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\146870newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\156808newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\156808newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\15944newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\15944newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\160089newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\160089newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\16033newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\16033newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\179121newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\179121newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\196808newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\196808newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\199931newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\199931newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\200749newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\200749newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\206764newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\206764newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\206841newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\206841newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\209880newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\209880newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\225133newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\225133newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\226801newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\226801newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\231427newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\231427newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\231868newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\231868newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\234712newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\234712newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\240124newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\240124newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\240151newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\240151newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\24388newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\24388newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\255717newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\255717newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\272513newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\272513newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\273212newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\273212newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\274879newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\274879newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\276360newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\276360newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\28462newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\28462newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\285403newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\285403newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\28928newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\28928newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\291066newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\291066newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\291619newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\291619newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\293661newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\293661newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\296368newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\296368newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\309066newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\309066newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\314102newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\314102newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\321585newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\321585newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\321667newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\321667newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\321736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\321736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\32215newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\32215newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\331819newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\331819newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\33758newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\33758newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\340946newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\340946newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\343945newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\343945newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\344162newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\344162newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\344834newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\344834newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\346831newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\346831newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\104405newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\104405newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\10663newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\10663newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\111941newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\111941newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\12897newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\12897newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\128985newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\128985newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\129448newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\129448newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\130075newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\130075newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\139755newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\139755newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\143081newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\143081newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\144044newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\144044newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\144056newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\144056newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\144792newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\144792newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\156181newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\156181newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\159399newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\159399newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\159589newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\159589newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\159595newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\159595newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\161718newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\161718newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\162018newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\162018newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\168489newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\168489newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\172235newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\172235newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\174369newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\174369newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\175068newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\175068newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\181864newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\181864newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\202141newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\202141newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\205458newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\205458newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\208913newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\208913newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\213544newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\213544newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\213721newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\213721newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\216814newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\216814newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\219645newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\219645newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\222130newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\222130newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\224985newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\224985newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\233587newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\233587newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\234713newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\234713newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\236266newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\236266newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\236470newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\236470newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\237697newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\237697newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\245782newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\245782newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\245783newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\245783newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\248687newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\248687newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\290521newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\290521newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\294932newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\294932newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\34117newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\34117newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\348501newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\348501newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\358675newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\358675newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\364638newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\364638newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\364643newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\364643newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\377885newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\377885newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\377897newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\377897newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\383585newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\383585newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\102529newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\102529newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\105327newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\105327newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\105756newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\105756newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\105834newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\105834newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\108359newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\108359newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\110108newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\110108newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\110883newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\110883newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\113212newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\113212newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\113338newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\113338newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\114353newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\114353newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\117148newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\117148newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\126028newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\126028newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\126792newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\126792newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\127143newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\127143newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\13547newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\13547newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\136026newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\136026newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\140545newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\140545newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\142715newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\142715newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\144031newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\144031newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\144314newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\144314newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\145801newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\145801newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\146321newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\146321newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\146470newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\146470newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\148055newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\148055newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\148087newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\148087newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\148215newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\148215newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\148624newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\148624newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\150717newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\150717newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\153794newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\153794newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\154150newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\154150newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\154151newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\154151newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\15588newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\15588newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\156769newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\156769newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\156823newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\156823newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\157447newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\157447newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\157860newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\157860newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\159135newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\159135newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\160026newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\160026newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\160411newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\160411newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\160765newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\160765newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\161720newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\161720newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\161907newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\161907newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\161920newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\161920newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\162027newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\162027newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\162152newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\162152newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\162531newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\162531newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\163873newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\163873newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\164658newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\164658newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\170305newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\170305newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\173935newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\173935newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10193newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10193newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10264newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10264newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\116448newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\116448newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\117960newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\117960newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\119734newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\119734newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\121318newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\121318newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\121324newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\121324newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\122988newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\122988newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\126166newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\126166newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\126175newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\126175newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\126181newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\126181newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\127410newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\127410newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\134642newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\134642newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\134683newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\134683newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\138342newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\138342newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\141414newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\141414newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15633newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15633newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15644newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15644newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17343newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17343newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17663newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17663newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\178869newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\178869newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\179688newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\179688newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\18224newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\18224newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\183674newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\183674newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\183684newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\183684newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\191766newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\191766newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\191925newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\191925newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\195876newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\195876newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\199220newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\199220newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\199226newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\199226newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\202011newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\202011newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\202020newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\202020newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\203933newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\203933newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\206049newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\206049newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\207536newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\207536newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\214915newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\214915newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\214995newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\214995newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\216658newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\216658newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\219541newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\219541newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\220686newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\220686newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\222272newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\222272newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\223143newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\223143newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\223214newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\223214newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\223786newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\223786newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\225499newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\225499newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\225507newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\225507newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\225609newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\225609newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\225917newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\225917newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\230515newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\230515newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\230517newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\230517newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\100385newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\100385newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\101678newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\101678newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\111437newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\111437newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\115060newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\115060newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\116212newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\116212newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\117213newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\117213newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\119233newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\119233newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\120484newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\120484newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\121521newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\121521newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\12877newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\12877newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13068newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13068newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13069newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13069newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\133874newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\133874newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13415newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13415newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13583newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13583newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\139624newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\139624newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\14573newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\14573newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\147596newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\147596newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\149671newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\149671newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\151452newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\151452newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\152722newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\152722newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\157435newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\157435newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\157855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\157855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\162159newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\162159newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\172851newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\172851newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\175415newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\175415newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\18223newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\18223newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\183344newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\183344newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\183534newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\183534newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\183828newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\183828newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\186282newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\186282newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\18802newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\18802newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\191274newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\191274newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\203838newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\203838newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\205742newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\205742newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\209979newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\209979newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\210069newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\210069newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\210631newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\210631newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\216338newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\216338newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\217358newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\217358newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\227670newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\227670newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\230274newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\230274newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\231241newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\231241newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\233319newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\233319newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\260570newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\260570newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\261502newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\261502newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\263257newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\263257newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\264271newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\264271newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\288069newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\288069newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\292697newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\292697newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\10028newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\10028newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\103993newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\103993newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\114292newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\114292newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\123528newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\123528newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\126656newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\126656newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\132085newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\132085newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\133528newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\133528newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\134268newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\134268newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\13494newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\13494newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\140372newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\140372newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\142116newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\142116newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\142460newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\142460newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\155075newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\155075newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\162426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\162426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\167727newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\167727newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\167905newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\167905newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\168224newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\168224newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\168234newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\168234newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\178863newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\178863newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\184337newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\184337newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\189025newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\189025newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\192472newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\192472newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\208614newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\208614newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\209817newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\209817newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\214194newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\214194newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\215310newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\215310newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\221583newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\221583newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\232740newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\232740newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\23340newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\23340newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\247828newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\247828newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\25542newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\25542newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\257487newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\257487newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\257754newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\257754newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\257776newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\257776newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\265694newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\265694newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\271169newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\271169newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\28301newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\28301newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\313599newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\313599newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\320052newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\320052newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\326601newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\326601newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\330736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\330736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\34837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\34837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\348688newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\348688newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\348849newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\348849newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\357074newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\357074newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\358900newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\358900newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\383379newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\383379newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\392201newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\392201newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\395779newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\395779newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\402531newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\402531newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\103906newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\103906newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\113070newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\113070newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\113102newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\113102newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\114251newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\114251newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\128171newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\128171newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\134309newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\134309newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\13495newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\13495newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\152163newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\152163newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\167951newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\167951newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\169618newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\169618newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\172788newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\172788newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\181135newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\181135newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\187405newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\187405newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\190410newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\190410newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\198148newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\198148newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\201228newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\201228newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\204791newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\204791newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\205033newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\205033newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\217296newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\217296newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\220126newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\220126newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\226150newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\226150newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\229903newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\229903newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\231076newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\231076newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\231139newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\231139newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\232537newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\232537newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\232804newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\232804newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\232939newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\232939newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\238773newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\238773newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\241254newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\241254newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\244929newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\244929newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\247765newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\247765newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\247793newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\247793newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\249198newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\249198newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\250860newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\250860newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\252118newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\252118newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\252156newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\252156newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\254834newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\254834newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\258604newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\258604newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\262722newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\262722newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\262829newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\262829newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\265664newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\265664newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\267059newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\267059newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\270340newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\270340newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\271134newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\271134newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\271168newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\271168newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\273087newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\273087newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\274219newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\274219newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\275716newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\275716newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\277010newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\277010newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\280504newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\280504newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\101997newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\101997newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\104778newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\104778newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\110341newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\110341newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\119818newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\119818newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\125085newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\125085newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\129447newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\129447newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\133016newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\133016newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\133017newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\133017newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\147086newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\147086newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\152972newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\152972newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\15895newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\15895newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\163214newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\163214newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\165906newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\165906newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\168501newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\168501newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\175078newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\175078newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\175721newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\175721newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\184769newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\184769newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\187990newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\187990newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\191069newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\191069newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\195125newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\195125newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\204659newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\204659newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\21156newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\21156newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\216816newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\216816newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\217889newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\217889newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\219197newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\219197newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\219630newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\219630newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\222129newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\222129newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\224980newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\224980newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\227481newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\227481newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\230639newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\230639newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\231856newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\231856newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\233579newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\233579newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\233588newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\233588newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\238607newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\238607newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\243004newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\243004newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\248680newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\248680newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\248690newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\248690newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\250167newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\250167newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\251147newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\251147newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\251643newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\251643newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\252855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\252855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\258231newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\258231newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\260834newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\260834newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\263612newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\263612newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\266002newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\266002newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\266003newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\266003newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\2751newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\2751newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\295589newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\295589newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\298748newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\298748newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\301524newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\301524newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\101886newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\101886newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\102211newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\102211newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\10224newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\10224newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\104879newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\104879newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\10626newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\10626newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\123170newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\123170newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\126345newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\126345newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\156044newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\156044newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\15669newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\15669newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\159487newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\159487newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\159744newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\159744newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\163094newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\163094newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\163409newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\163409newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\169004newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\169004newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\172514newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\172514newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\175835newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\175835newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\175940newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\175940newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\177552newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\177552newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\182102newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\182102newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\182167newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\182167newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\185855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\185855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\185875newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\185875newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\192053newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\192053newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\192103newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\192103newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\194352newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\194352newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\194663newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\194663newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\194664newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\194664newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\196127newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\196127newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\202372newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\202372newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\220837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\220837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\222246newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\222246newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\222478newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\222478newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\224921newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\224921newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\226489newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\226489newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\228103newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\228103newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\228154newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\228154newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\230755newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\230755newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\254538newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\254538newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\260914newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\260914newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\260918newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\260918newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\263451newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\263451newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\263741newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\263741newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\26976newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\26976newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\27569newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\27569newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\288397newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\288397newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\290685newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\290685newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\293006newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\293006newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\293018newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\293018newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\293216newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\293216newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\295717newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\295717newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\101337newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\101337newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\102414newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\102414newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\104067newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\104067newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\105207newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\105207newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\105215newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\105215newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\106671newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\106671newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\106841newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\106841newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\108069newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\108069newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\108114newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\108114newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\109736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\109736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\112616newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\112616newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\112619newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\112619newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\113072newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\113072newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\113073newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\113073newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\115502newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\115502newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\121957newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\121957newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\125313newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\125313newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\127969newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\127969newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\150364newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\150364newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\153470newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\153470newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\156668newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\156668newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\158581newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\158581newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\162404newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\162404newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\165077newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\165077newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\242319newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\242319newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\242519newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\242519newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\244948newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\244948newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\246277newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\246277newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\247009newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\247009newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\249226newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\249226newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\253835newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\253835newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\264064newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\264064newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\269865newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\269865newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\272173newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\272173newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\275597newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\275597newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\276094newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\276094newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\277885newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\277885newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\279102newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\279102newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\279442newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\279442newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\279474newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\279474newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\279477newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\279477newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\280467newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\280467newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\280485newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\280485newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\281200newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\281200newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\281220newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\281220newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\284741newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\284741newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\296010newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\296010newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\297895newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\297895newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\301144newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\301144newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\301175newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\301175newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\103904newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\103904newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\105222newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\105222newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\108091newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\108091newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\110715newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\110715newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\110767newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\110767newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11269newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11269newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11270newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11270newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\114262newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\114262newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\117000newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\117000newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\120242newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\120242newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\120244newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\120244newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\121948newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\121948newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\123461newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\123461newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\123517newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\123517newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\123524newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\123524newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\126597newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\126597newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\126622newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\126622newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\130525newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\130525newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\130529newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\130529newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\130535newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\130535newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\130537newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\130537newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\133484newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\133484newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\133504newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\133504newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\138486newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\138486newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\138497newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\138497newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\140355newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\140355newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\143463newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\143463newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\147518newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\147518newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\147521newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\147521newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\147528newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\147528newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\147557newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\147557newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\148847newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\148847newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\156681newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\156681newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\156695newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\156695newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\159926newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\159926newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\166432newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\166432newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\166456newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\166456newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\171185newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\171185newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\172811newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\172811newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\176224newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\176224newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\180176newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\180176newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\182456newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\182456newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\186188newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\186188newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\186190newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\186190newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\19345newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\19345newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\196712newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\196712newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\196713newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\196713newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\206557newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\206557newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\206567newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\206567newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\21567newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\21567newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\103362newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\103362newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\103380newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\103380newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\105972newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\105972newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\115389newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\115389newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\117971newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\117971newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\126147newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\126147newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\130021newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\130021newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\131132newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\131132newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\131763newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\131763newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\132968newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\132968newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\136300newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\136300newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\138243newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\138243newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\141413newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\141413newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\142994newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\142994newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\142995newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\142995newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\142997newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\142997newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\143011newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\143011newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\143033newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\143033newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\143036newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\143036newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\144390newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\144390newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\147012newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\147012newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\148026newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\148026newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\148227newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\148227newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\149908newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\149908newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\151249newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\151249newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\152843newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\152843newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\154415newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\154415newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\159560newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\159560newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\183638newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\183638newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\183716newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\183716newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\184783newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\184783newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\185611newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\185611newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\185674newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\185674newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\186888newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\186888newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\186890newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\186890newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\187979newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\187979newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\190268newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\190268newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\191718newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\191718newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\195814newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\195814newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\197541newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\197541newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\199265newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\199265newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\200394newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\200394newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\200668newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\200668newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\203923newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\203923newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\203926newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\203926newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\206040newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\206040newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\207515newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\207515newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\210506newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\210506newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\210519newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\210519newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\220918newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\220918newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\100554newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\100554newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\100593newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\100593newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\100618newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\100618newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\130040newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\130040newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\137871newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\137871newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\148240newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\148240newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\160682newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\160682newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\167342newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\167342newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\167802newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\167802newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\172150newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\172150newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\180577newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\180577newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\185661newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\185661newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\186895newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\186895newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\189829newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\189829newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\197549newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\197549newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\202086newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\202086newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\207570newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\207570newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\210554newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\210554newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\216670newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\216670newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\222292newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\222292newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\223148newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\223148newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\223783newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\223783newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\232082newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\232082newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\242939newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\242939newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\245686newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\245686newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\247024newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\247024newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\263500newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\263500newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\263503newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\263503newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\289108newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\289108newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\290471newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\290471newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\29051newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\29051newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\294330newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\294330newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\294823newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\294823newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\297151newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\297151newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\299862newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\299862newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\299957newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\299957newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\300358newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\300358newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\300369newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\300369newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\309597newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\309597newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\320925newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\320925newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\324101newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\324101newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\34037newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\34037newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\341761newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\341761newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\342301newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\342301newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\343271newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\343271newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\343304newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\343304newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\344889newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\344889newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\344993newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\344993newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\364126newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\364126newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\364594newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\364594newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\105045newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\105045newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\123158newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\123158newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\133171newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\133171newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\13806newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\13806newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\153158newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\153158newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\156033newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\156033newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\156054newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\156054newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\156301newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\156301newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\159754newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\159754newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\161715newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\161715newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\177540newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\177540newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\179858newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\179858newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18297newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18297newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18320newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18320newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18519newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18519newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18529newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18529newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\192052newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\192052newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\192116newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\192116newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\194494newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\194494newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\194608newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\194608newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\195069newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\195069newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\195181newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\195181newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\195805newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\195805newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\202307newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\202307newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\205953newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\205953newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\207961newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\207961newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\212289newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\212289newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\21246newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\21246newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\212832newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\212832newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\216927newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\216927newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\22903newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\22903newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\230504newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\230504newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\236594newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\236594newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\239149newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\239149newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\242192newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\242192newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\242893newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\242893newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\258334newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\258334newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\258383newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\258383newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\260915newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\260915newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\260917newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\260917newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\26311newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\26311newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\263486newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\263486newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\263693newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\263693newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\266394newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\266394newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\266601newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\266601newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\266669newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\266669newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\269377newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\269377newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\27007newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\27007newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\272887newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\272887newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\281893newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\281893newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\100677newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\100677newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\106076newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\106076newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\107612newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\107612newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\116412newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\116412newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\116415newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\116415newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\123004newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\123004newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\124585newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\124585newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\134647newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\134647newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\137920newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\137920newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\159532newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\159532newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\160360newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\160360newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\163111newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\163111newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\163135newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\163135newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\164502newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\164502newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\165827newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\165827newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\167309newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\167309newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\169040newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\169040newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\172185newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\172185newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\174287newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\174287newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\200640newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\200640newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\200679newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\200679newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\201053newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\201053newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\219548newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\219548newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\225509newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\225509newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\230577newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\230577newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\232113newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\232113newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\250638newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\250638newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\26877newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\26877newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\27668newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\27668newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\28480newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\28480newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\289165newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\289165newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\29057newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\29057newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\293044newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\293044newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\294343newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\294343newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\300439newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\300439newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\31091newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\31091newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\314382newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\314382newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\315525newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\315525newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\319856newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\319856newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\325858newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\325858newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\327653newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\327653newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\329893newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\329893newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\331603newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\331603newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\331672newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\331672newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\334243newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\334243newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\338594newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\338594newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\338600newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\338600newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\339075newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\339075newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\339711newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\339711newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\340119newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\340119newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\110696newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\110696newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\123422newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\123422newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\126553newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\126553newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\129041newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\129041newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\130351newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\130351newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\133336newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\133336newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\136654newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\136654newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\140181newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\140181newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\143439newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\143439newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\156487newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\156487newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\156602newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\156602newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\179986newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\179986newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\186082newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\186082newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\195207newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\195207newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\202500newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\202500newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\217081newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\217081newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\217140newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\217140newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\227159newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\227159newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\228172newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\228172newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\228182newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\228182newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\236734newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\236734newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\236854newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\236854newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\242202newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\242202newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\243366newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\243366newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\251933newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\251933newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\254655newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\254655newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\254777newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\254777newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\258467newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\258467newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\261073newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\261073newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\261076newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\261076newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\263877newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\263877newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\263931newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\263931newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\266933newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\266933newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\266934newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\266934newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\269494newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\269494newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\281959newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\281959newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\286977newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\286977newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\293363newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\293363newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\293377newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\293377newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\293437newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\293437newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\295872newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\295872newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\305571newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\305571newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\305637newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\305637newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\311686newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\311686newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\314740newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\314740newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\314809newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\314809newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\333463newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\333463newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\334589newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\334589newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\343706newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\343706newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\349781newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\349781newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\107610newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\107610newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\110316newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\110316newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\113806newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\113806newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\114919newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\114919newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\114962newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\114962newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\117941newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\117941newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\117955newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\117955newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\117958newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\117958newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\122945newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\122945newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\124269newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\124269newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\125542newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\125542newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\12639newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\12639newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\13441newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\13441newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\13442newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\13442newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\138347newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\138347newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\152889newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\152889newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\157702newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\157702newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\158161newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\158161newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\161602newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\161602newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\161738newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\161738newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\161747newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\161747newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\161753newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\161753newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\162021newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\162021newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\162208newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\162208newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\163109newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\163109newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\164490newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\164490newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\172133newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\172133newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\181588newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\181588newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\199225newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\199225newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\200592newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\200592newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\201067newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\201067newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\202015newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\202015newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\203924newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\203924newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\203930newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\203930newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\21070newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\21070newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\213689newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\213689newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\223176newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\223176newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\22411newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\22411newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\229606newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\229606newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\232566newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\232566newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\232616newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\232616newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\2344newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\2344newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\234892newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\234892newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\241521newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\241521newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\259522newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\259522newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\262296newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\262296newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\265008newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\265008newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\265140newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\265140newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\275481newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\275481newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\286107newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\286107newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\100163newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\100163newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\100485newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\100485newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\102702newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\102702newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\105399newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\105399newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\10771newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\10771newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\108321newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\108321newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\110894newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\110894newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\110981newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\110981newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\113464newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\113464newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11690newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11690newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11692newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11692newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\120486newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\120486newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\126026newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\126026newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\130811newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\130811newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\133777newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\133777newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\137042newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\137042newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\137481newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\137481newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\137616newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\137616newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\13838newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\13838newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\143586newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\143586newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\143738newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\143738newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\154378newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\154378newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\154388newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\154388newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\16057newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\16057newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\173045newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\173045newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\178086newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\178086newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\191657newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\191657newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\233324newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\233324newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\243558newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\243558newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\248401newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\248401newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\249305newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\249305newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\249404newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\249404newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\259009newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\259009newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\269637newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\269637newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\270070newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\270070newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\283396newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\283396newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\283914newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\283914newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\284178newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\284178newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\290199newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\290199newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\2906newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\2906newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\290996newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\290996newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\291190newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\291190newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\291432newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\291432newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\293659newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\293659newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\293808newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\293808newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\299416newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\299416newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\305957newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\305957newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\311940newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\311940newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\317846newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\317846newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\323618newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\323618newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\105191newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\105191newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\109875newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\109875newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\109876newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\109876newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\110703newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\110703newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\114198newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\114198newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\115436newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\115436newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\116890newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\116890newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\125098newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\125098newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\125545newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\125545newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\133461newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\133461newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\138954newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\138954newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\15226newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\15226newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\171096newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\171096newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\176105newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\176105newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\18329newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\18329newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\184096newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\184096newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\184143newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\184143newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\184150newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\184150newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\198071newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\198071newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\21536newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\21536newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\218602newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\218602newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\218625newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\218625newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\221499newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\221499newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\221509newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\221509newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\221518newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\221518newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\223858newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\223858newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\223897newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\223897newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\229778newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\229778newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\235532newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\235532newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\241149newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\241149newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\244696newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\244696newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\244698newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\244698newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\244734newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\244734newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\247635newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\247635newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\247636newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\247636newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\247652newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\247652newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\247668newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\247668newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\247671newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\247671newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\255906newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\255906newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\256319newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\256319newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\256320newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\256320newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\256349newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\256349newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\256350newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\256350newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\2730newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\2730newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\278563newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\278563newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\278908newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\278908newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\292246newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\292246newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\292666newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\292666newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\297804newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\297804newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\304259newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\304259newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\103790newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\103790newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\156083newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\156083newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\157761newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\157761newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162181newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162181newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162189newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162189newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162191newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162191newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162193newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162193newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162195newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162195newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162644newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\162644newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\163112newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\163112newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\163119newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\163119newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\164526newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\164526newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\165832newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\165832newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\167814newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\167814newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\181858newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\181858newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\181907newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\181907newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\187985newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\187985newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\188419newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\188419newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\189882newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\189882newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\189900newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\189900newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\199262newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\199262newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\219536newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\219536newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\23873newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\23873newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\239217newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\239217newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\250064newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\250064newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\254351newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\254351newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\267983newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\267983newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\27422newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\27422newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\278254newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\278254newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\294355newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\294355newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\297203newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\297203newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\314384newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\314384newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\314406newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\314406newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\315603newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\315603newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\316041newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\316041newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\322479newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\322479newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\322955newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\322955newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\327620newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\327620newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\329130newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\329130newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\340175newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\340175newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\341840newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\341840newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\341864newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\341864newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\347828newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\347828newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\359687newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\359687newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\36556newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\36556newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\371805newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\371805newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\374916newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\374916newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\393388newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\393388newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\394816newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\394816newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\402055newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\402055newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\101520newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\101520newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\104417newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\104417newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\108366newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\108366newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\113206newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\113206newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\117158newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\117158newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\120392newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\120392newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\121032newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\121032newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\123800newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\123800newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\124768newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\124768newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\128940newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\128940newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\129309newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\129309newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\146032newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\146032newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\150572newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\150572newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\157930newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\157930newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\160129newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\160129newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\160557newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\160557newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\167199newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\167199newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\170654newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\170654newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\172988newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\172988newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\173933newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\173933newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\181666newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\181666newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\183208newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\183208newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\183605newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\183605newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\185419newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\185419newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\189198newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\189198newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\200795newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\200795newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\202658newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\202658newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\203674newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\203674newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\218300newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\218300newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\264379newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\264379newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\271793newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\271793newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\271795newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\271795newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\271894newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\271894newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\272490newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\272490newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\283247newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\283247newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\285535newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\285535newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\287103newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\287103newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\287796newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\287796newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\290979newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\290979newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\298368newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\298368newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\299663newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\299663newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\307652newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\307652newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\309316newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\309316newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\311931newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\311931newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\311972newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\311972newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\313088newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\313088newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\315358newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\315358newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\330773newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\330773newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\331262newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\331262newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\331500newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\331500newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\10274newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\10274newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\105793newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\105793newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\130081newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\130081newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\13810newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\13810newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\139760newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\139760newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\15592newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\15592newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\162222newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\162222newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\163197newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\163197newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\164298newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\164298newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\165902newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\165902newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\172241newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\172241newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\174373newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\174373newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\185720newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\185720newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\188535newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\188535newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\202140newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\202140newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\207278newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\207278newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\212440newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\212440newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\213719newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\213719newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\216822newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\216822newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\219628newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\219628newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\224725newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\224725newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\227933newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\227933newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\230638newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\230638newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\233590newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\233590newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\236474newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\236474newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\2387newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\2387newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\239275newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\239275newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\239280newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\239280newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\254426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\254426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\257337newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\257337newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\302437newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\302437newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\305250newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\305250newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\308198newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\308198newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\311319newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\311319newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\316724newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\316724newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\317743newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\317743newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\319107newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\319107newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\319113newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\319113newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\326409newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\326409newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\329147newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\329147newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\332252newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\332252newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\334277newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\334277newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\339037newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\339037newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\345128newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\345128newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\346330newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\346330newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\353567newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\353567newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\356565newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\356565newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\362785newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\362785newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\364632newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\364632newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\366471newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\366471newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\102480newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\102480newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\10327newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\10327newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\106719newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\106719newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\107032newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\107032newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\110718newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\110718newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\111855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\111855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\112106newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\112106newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\114299newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\114299newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\115594newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\115594newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\116963newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\116963newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\120232newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\120232newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\121886newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\121886newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\121931newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\121931newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\12381newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\12381newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\125205newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\125205newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\125560newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\125560newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\133490newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\133490newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\135223newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\135223newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\146245newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\146245newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\146472newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\146472newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\148890newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\148890newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\151846newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\151846newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\15736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\15736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\158405newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\158405newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\158416newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\158416newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\159976newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\159976newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\166518newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\166518newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\169600newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\169600newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\171253newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\171253newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\171633newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\171633newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\17858newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\17858newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\180191newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\180191newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\187362newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\187362newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\198178newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\198178newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\204874newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\204874newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\20855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\20855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\229894newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\229894newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\23184newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\23184newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\238772newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\238772newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2439newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2439newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\244800newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\244800newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2462newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2462newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\247724newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\247724newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\248156newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\248156newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\250844newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\250844newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\258739newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\258739newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\265681newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\265681newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\27316newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\27316newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\275670newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\275670newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29593newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29593newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\102195newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\102195newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\103703newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\103703newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\105018newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\105018newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\107881newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\107881newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\114005newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\114005newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\116673newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\116673newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\123245newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\123245newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\130255newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\130255newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\147283newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\147283newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\153131newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\153131newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\156303newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\156303newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\159726newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\159726newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\163468newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\163468newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\166151newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\166151newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\166214newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\166214newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\169353newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\169353newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\182130newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\182130newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\185549newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\185549newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\199480newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\199480newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\202315newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\202315newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\206315newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\206315newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\209593newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\209593newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\219830newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\219830newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\224891newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\224891newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\230857newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\230857newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\236661newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\236661newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\239652newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\239652newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\239689newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\239689newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\241692newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\241692newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\245918newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\245918newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\248885newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\248885newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\260916newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\260916newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\262566newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\262566newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\263722newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\263722newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\263781newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\263781newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\266599newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\266599newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\266625newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\266625newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\269345newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\269345newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\269386newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\269386newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\27013newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\27013newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\293211newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\293211newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\294148newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\294148newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\295731newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\295731newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\298904newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\298904newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\305426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\305426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\308394newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\308394newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\314644newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\314644newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\318404newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\318404newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\318451newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\318451newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\324280newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\324280newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\108487newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\108487newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\115160newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\115160newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\115199newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\115199newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\121654newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\121654newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\121701newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\121701newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\128737newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\128737newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\129351newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\129351newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\129426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\129426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\134055newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\134055newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\134919newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\134919newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\134931newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\134931newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\137247newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\137247newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\137362newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\137362newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\137480newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\137480newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\140842newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\140842newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\140849newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\140849newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\141667newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\141667newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\141744newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\141744newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\141746newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\141746newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\142386newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\142386newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\143829newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\143829newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\144618newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\144618newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\144673newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\144673newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\147835newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\147835newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\148534newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\148534newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\148549newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\148549newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\150780newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\150780newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\158085newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\158085newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\16949newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\16949newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\171152newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\171152newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\171548newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\171548newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\174150newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\174150newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\184864newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\184864newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\18555newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\18555newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\187829newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\187829newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\197891newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\197891newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\200130newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\200130newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\200818newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\200818newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\200991newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\200991newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\203406newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\203406newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\20886newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\20886newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\210745newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\210745newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\217645newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\217645newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\217650newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\217650newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\218344newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\218344newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\221119newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\221119newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\221246newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\221246newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\222937newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\222937newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\22884newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\22884newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\229499newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\229499newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\101093newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\101093newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\101098newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\101098newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\103818newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\103818newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\103826newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\103826newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\114722newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\114722newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\115420newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\115420newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\115431newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\115431newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\118468newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\118468newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\121864newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\121864newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\125094newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\125094newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\125147newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\125147newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\135098newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\135098newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\151787newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\151787newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\155007newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\155007newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\164991newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\164991newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\192328newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\192328newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\21528newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\21528newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\258563newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\258563newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\269583newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\269583newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\271058newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\271058newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\271077newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\271077newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\271088newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\271088newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\27264newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\27264newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\286524newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\286524newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\286542newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\286542newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\289652newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\289652newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\294948newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\294948newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\294969newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\294969newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30673newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30673newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30686newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30686newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33304newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33304newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33308newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33308newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\358695newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\358695newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\358701newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\358701newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\364654newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\364654newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\368102newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\368102newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\368145newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\368145newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\370908newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\370908newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\373924newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\373924newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\379952newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\379952newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\383098newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\383098newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\383103newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\383103newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\391048newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\391048newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\395441newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\395441newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\398974newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\398974newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\399002newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\399002newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\399895newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\399895newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\402409newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\402409newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\402412newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\402412newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\402444newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\402444newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\100375newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\100375newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\101547newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\101547newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\108184newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\108184newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\108730newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\108730newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\11750newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\11750newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\127151newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\127151newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\127318newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\127318newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\130607newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\130607newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\130622newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\130622newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\130730newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\130730newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\132308newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\132308newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\132566newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\132566newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\13568newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\13568newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\140462newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\140462newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\143574newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\143574newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\15583newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\15583newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\157448newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\157448newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\158943newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\158943newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\162155newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\162155newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\16678newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\16678newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\174033newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\174033newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\182849newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\182849newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\183836newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\183836newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\202582newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\202582newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\203663newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\203663newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\20801newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\20801newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\22286newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\22286newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\232346newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\232346newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\2538newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\2538newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\257342newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\257342newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\257622newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\257622newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\257926newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\257926newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\258793newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\258793newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\259308newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\259308newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\259796newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\259796newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\274876newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\274876newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\275458newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\275458newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\276214newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\276214newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\285485newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\285485newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\290078newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\290078newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\295347newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\295347newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\302120newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\302120newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\309552newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\309552newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\311937newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\311937newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\312192newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\312192newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\315688newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\315688newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\316912newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\316912newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\317025newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\317025newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\318853newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\318853newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\319110newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\319110newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\102033newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\102033newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\107670newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\107670newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\130106newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\130106newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\139789newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\139789newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\153002newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\153002newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\156243newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\156243newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\165943newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\165943newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\165976newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\165976newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\169180newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\169180newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\169229newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\169229newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\175759newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\175759newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\224752newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\224752newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\224769newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\224769newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\224786newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\224786newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\233655newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\233655newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\236509newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\236509newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\248714newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\248714newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\251685newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\251685newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\258294newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\258294newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\263657newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\263657newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\266534newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\266534newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\280201newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\280201newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\280207newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\280207newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\283605newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\283605newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\286922newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\286922newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\287384newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\287384newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\288284newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\288284newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\293127newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\293127newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\298758newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\298758newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\301536newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\301536newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\302468newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\302468newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\302478newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\302478newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\305276newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\305276newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\308257newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\308257newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\311372newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\311372newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\318283newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\318283newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\327686newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\327686newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\333417newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\333417newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\334354newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\334354newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\343391newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\343391newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\343415newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\343415newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\343437newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\343437newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\346379newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\346379newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\350671newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\350671newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\356601newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\356601newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\359837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\359837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\359857newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\359857newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\362649newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\362649newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\362811newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\362811newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\362814newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\362814newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\102530newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\102530newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\105491newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\105491newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\119156newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\119156newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\120404newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\120404newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\122415newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\122415newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\124763newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\124763newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13406newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13406newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13865newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13865newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13958newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13958newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\152528newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\152528newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\183243newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\183243newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\184787newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\184787newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\186387newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\186387newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\186990newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\186990newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\22201newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\22201newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\233199newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\233199newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\234177newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\234177newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\237057newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\237057newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\239435newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\239435newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\239967newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\239967newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\245471newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\245471newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\257827newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\257827newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\261401newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\261401newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\269791newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\269791newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\269817newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\269817newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\269990newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\269990newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\270352newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\270352newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\285409newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\285409newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\287614newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\287614newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\288623newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\288623newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\288745newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\288745newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\298475newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\298475newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\299336newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\299336newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\305809newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\305809newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\307864newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\307864newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\309322newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\309322newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\320765newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\320765newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\323784newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\323784newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\324861newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\324861newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\328867newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\328867newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\353261newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\353261newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\357313newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\357313newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\360346newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\360346newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\363969newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\363969newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\372558newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\372558newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\375668newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\375668newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\379600newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\379600newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\40606newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\40606newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\406455newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\406455newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\418479newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\418479newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\102467newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\102467newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\105255newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\105255newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\108143newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\108143newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\110742newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\110742newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\11265newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\11265newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\11273newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\11273newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\117025newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\117025newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\118737newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\118737newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\120273newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\120273newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\125212newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\125212newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\126632newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\126632newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\129103newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\129103newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\130515newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\130515newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\133488newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\133488newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\137508newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\137508newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\138551newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\138551newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\140299newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\140299newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\142229newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\142229newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\144988newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\144988newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\153427newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\153427newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\155055newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\155055newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\156653newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\156653newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\15700newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\15700newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\158417newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\158417newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\159932newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\159932newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\159960newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\159960newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\161084newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\161084newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\161833newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\161833newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\163678newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\163678newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\166433newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\166433newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\167928newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\167928newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\169588newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\169588newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\169608newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\169608newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\174493newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\174493newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\176131newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\176131newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\182489newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\182489newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\186174newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\186174newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\187394newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\187394newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\188953newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\188953newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\192419newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\192419newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\192434newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\192434newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\196752newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\196752newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\199837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\199837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\204883newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\204883newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\209808newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\209808newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\209826newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\209826newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\211093newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\211093newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\214186newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\214186newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\222803newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\222803newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\225075newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/MureDickie\logprobs\225075newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\105567newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\105567newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\10799newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\10799newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\108449newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\108449newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\110904newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\110904newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\112673newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\112673newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\116073newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\116073newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\116176newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\116176newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\117081newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\117081newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\119266newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\119266newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\120416newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\120416newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\120591newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\120591newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\121030newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\121030newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\123754newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\123754newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\123878newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\123878newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\130621newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\130621newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\133736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\133736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\133837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\133837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13391newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13391newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\135866newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\135866newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\136039newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\136039newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\136074newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\136074newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\136895newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\136895newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\137483newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\137483newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\137486newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\137486newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13825newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13825newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13930newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13930newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13951newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13951newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\140553newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\140553newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\154642newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\154642newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\155834newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\155834newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\159095newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\159095newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\159997newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\159997newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\160344newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\160344newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\160349newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\160349newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\16038newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\16038newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\161927newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\161927newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162020newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162020newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162173newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162173newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162177newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162177newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162521newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162521newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162540newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162540newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162682newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162682newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162894newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\162894newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\163897newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\163897newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\164455newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\164455newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\164659newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\164659newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\165338newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\165338newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\180293newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\180293newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\182667newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\182667newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\18798newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/NickLouth\logprobs\18798newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\102551newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\102551newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\102719newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\102719newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\102793newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\102793newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\108222newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\108222newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\108443newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\108443newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\114356newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\114356newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\114428newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\114428newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\114859newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\114859newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\117099newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\117099newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\120569newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\120569newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\120588newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\120588newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\123595newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\123595newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\123628newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\123628newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\123987newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\123987newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\125965newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\125965newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\126714newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\126714newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\132671newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\132671newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\140446newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\140446newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\142683newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\142683newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\142736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\142736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\143591newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\143591newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\143765newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\143765newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\153684newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\153684newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\156759newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\156759newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\15778newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\15778newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\178068newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\178068newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\178089newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\178089newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18217newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18217newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18739newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18739newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\203296newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\203296newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\205566newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\205566newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\209925newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\209925newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\209945newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\209945newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\213454newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\213454newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\217368newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\217368newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2296newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2296newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\231178newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\231178newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\237159newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\237159newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\251195newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\251195newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\251347newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\251347newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\255134newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\255134newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\255733newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\255733newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\258801newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\258801newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\259000newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\259000newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\264335newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\264335newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\267178newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\267178newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\270137newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\270137newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\283991newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\283991newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\288774newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\288774newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\291177newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\291177newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\108105newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\108105newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\115524newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\115524newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\120288newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\120288newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\129185newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\129185newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\151867newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\151867newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\158626newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\158626newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\161373newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\161373newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\166468newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\166468newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\174559newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\174559newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\184622newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\184622newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\190619newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\190619newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\192387newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\192387newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\194769newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\194769newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\195348newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\195348newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\202909newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\202909newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\205146newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\205146newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\208161newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\208161newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\215906newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\215906newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\217232newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\217232newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\221800newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\221800newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\222778newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\222778newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\224140newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\224140newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\226225newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\226225newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\227262newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\227262newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\232735newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\232735newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\232850newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\232850newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\235615newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\235615newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\235690newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\235690newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\238764newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\238764newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\242322newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\242322newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\243415newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\243415newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\244883newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\244883newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\246251newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\246251newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\247781newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\247781newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\247855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\247855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\250733newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\250733newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\250825newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\250825newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\252085newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\252085newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\25384newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\25384newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\256526newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\256526newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\262875newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\262875newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\262888newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\262888newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\26410newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\26410newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\269850newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\269850newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\269864newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\269864newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\271287newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\271287newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\271684newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\271684newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\276107newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\276107newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\278596newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\278596newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\302864newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\302864newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\100796newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\100796newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\103156newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\103156newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\103612newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\103612newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\111120newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\111120newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\114507newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\114507newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\114726newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\114726newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\117510newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\117510newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\120892newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\120892newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\120914newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\120914newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\121047newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\121047newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\121060newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\121060newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\131651newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\131651newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\134012newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\134012newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\134014newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\134014newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\135536newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\135536newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\137348newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\137348newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\166855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\166855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\169998newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\169998newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\187064newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\187064newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\193894newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\193894newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\200399newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\200399newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\203401newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\203401newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\203527newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\203527newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\204524newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\204524newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\220430newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\220430newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\221117newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\221117newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\231585newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\231585newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\240967newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\240967newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\243837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\243837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\244133newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\244133newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\257666newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\257666newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\257759newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\257759newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\257760newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\257760newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\259821newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\259821newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\261933newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\261933newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\270873newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\270873newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\286787newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\286787newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\29116newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\29116newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\303195newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\303195newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\304051newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\304051newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\315959newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\315959newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\319304newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\319304newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\322828newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\322828newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\322947newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\322947newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\335078newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\335078newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\335319newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\335319newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\37690newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\37690newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\37710newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\37710newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\37762newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\37762newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\379739newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/PierreTran\logprobs\379739newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\104639newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\104639newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\105455newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\105455newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\10726newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\10726newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\110827newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\110827newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\110986newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\110986newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\113551newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\113551newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\122605newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\122605newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\129289newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\129289newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\129717newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\129717newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\137061newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\137061newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\140433newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\140433newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\142837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\142837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\143798newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\143798newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\144598newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\144598newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\147604newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\147604newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\147744newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\147744newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\153574newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\153574newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\156766newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\156766newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\156978newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\156978newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\163749newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\163749newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\163771newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\163771newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\163815newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\163815newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\164273newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\164273newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\166722newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\166722newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\168531newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\168531newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\168654newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\168654newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\168806newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\168806newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\172865newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\172865newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\173005newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\173005newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\173947newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\173947newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\175201newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\175201newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\177958newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\177958newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\186416newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\186416newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\196693newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\196693newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\196812newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\196812newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\196990newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\196990newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\198999newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\198999newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\206638newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\206638newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\207287newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\207287newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\207288newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\207288newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\216335newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\216335newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\219316newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\219316newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\220676newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\220676newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\243641newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\243641newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\243684newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\243684newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\251225newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\251225newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\255995newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\255995newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\257938newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\257938newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\259306newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\259306newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\264190newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\264190newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\121036newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\121036newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\135924newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\135924newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\137485newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\137485newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\139224newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\139224newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\140752newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\140752newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\146861newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\146861newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\150665newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\150665newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\154675newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\154675newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\155654newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\155654newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\168572newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\168572newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\171742newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\171742newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\172846newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\172846newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\173423newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\173423newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\174058newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\174058newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\175177newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\175177newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\177017newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\177017newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\181874newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\181874newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\186425newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\186425newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\186437newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\186437newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\206783newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\206783newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\214814newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\214814newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\215305newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\215305newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\215313newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\215313newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\217357newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\217357newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\217899newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\217899newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\218296newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\218296newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\231347newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\231347newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\237323newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\237323newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\252404newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\252404newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\255709newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\255709newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\264342newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\264342newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\267134newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\267134newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\277122newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\277122newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\282184newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\282184newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\283280newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\283280newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\296312newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\296312newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\305787newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\305787newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\306326newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\306326newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\312253newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\312253newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\317583newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\317583newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\32727newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\32727newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\351344newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\351344newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\352215newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\352215newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\357213newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\357213newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\357386newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\357386newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\360479newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\360479newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\361475newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\361475newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\369492newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\369492newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\379555newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\379555newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\379567newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\379567newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\105557newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\105557newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\10781newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\10781newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\120398newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\120398newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\134566newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\134566newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\137035newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\137035newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\137812newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\137812newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\138944newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\138944newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\142698newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\142698newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\144030newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\144030newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\150672newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\150672newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\151392newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\151392newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\157604newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\157604newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\158945newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\158945newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\160066newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\160066newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\168565newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\168565newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\175043newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\175043newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\177032newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\177032newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\178271newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\178271newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\178647newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\178647newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\180753newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\180753newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\181711newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\181711newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\189155newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\189155newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\193298newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\193298newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\195461newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\195461newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\195465newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\195465newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\196664newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\196664newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\196870newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\196870newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\197518newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\197518newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\199947newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\199947newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\206811newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\206811newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\207693newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\207693newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\207747newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\207747newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\212471newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\212471newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\213090newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\213090newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\218057newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\218057newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\242117newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\242117newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\242528newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\242528newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\247268newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\247268newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\247516newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\247516newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\25052newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\25052newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\26550newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\26550newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\268174newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\268174newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\273216newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\273216newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\293806newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\293806newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\297101newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\297101newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\309801newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\309801newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\310667newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\310667newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\312805newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\312805newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\31339newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\31339newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\313966newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\313966newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\108084newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\108084newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\113117newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\113117newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\140274newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\140274newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\147534newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\147534newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\148891newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\148891newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\150435newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\150435newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\155177newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\155177newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\162424newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\162424newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\165189newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\165189newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\166481newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\166481newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\169592newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\169592newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\190734newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\190734newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\196732newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\196732newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\213002newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\213002newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\21569newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\21569newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\24260newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\24260newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\26419newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\26419newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\27290newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\27290newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\310313newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\310313newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\310654newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\310654newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\317452newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\317452newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\317706newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\317706newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\31981newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\31981newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\323333newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\323333newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\324597newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\324597newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\342562newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\342562newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\352851newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\352851newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\360226newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\360226newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\361890newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\361890newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\365768newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\365768newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\369465newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\369465newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\383224newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\383224newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\386644newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\386644newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\387955newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\387955newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\387956newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\387956newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\392316newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\392316newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\396739newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\396739newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\396740newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\396740newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\396743newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\396743newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\405565newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\405565newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\409023newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\409023newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\414690newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\414690newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\419462newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\419462newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\421047newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\421047newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\426559newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\426559newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\426661newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\426661newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\428346newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\428346newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\429223newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\429223newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\429225newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\429225newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\436334newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\436334newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\116929newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\116929newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\123483newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\123483newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\123507newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\123507newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\125213newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\125213newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\126593newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\126593newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\130513newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\130513newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\133498newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\133498newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\136771newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\136771newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\136805newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\136805newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\140273newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\140273newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\140340newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\140340newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\142465newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\142465newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\143454newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\143454newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\145712newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\145712newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\158507newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\158507newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\159412newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\159412newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\161138newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\161138newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\165123newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\165123newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\184219newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\184219newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\194787newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\194787newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\195353newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\195353newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\195357newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\195357newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\198216newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\198216newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\199747newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\199747newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\208266newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\208266newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\209835newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\209835newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\232758newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\232758newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\244999newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\244999newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\250880newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\250880newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\253868newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\253868newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\254803newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\254803newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\256974newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\256974newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\282007newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\282007newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\287502newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\287502newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\289837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\289837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\292263newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\292263newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\295436newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\295436newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\295992newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\295992newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\299129newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\299129newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\301673newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\301673newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\305692newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\305692newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\310466newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\310466newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\314875newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\314875newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\318653newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\318653newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\318742newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\318742newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\321513newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\321513newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\334739newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\334739newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\340709newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\340709newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\340736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\340736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\345375newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\345375newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\15627newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\15627newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\242983newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\242983newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\245741newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\245741newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\248599newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\248599newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\253060newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\253060newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\255730newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\255730newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\258206newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\258206newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\259617newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\259617newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\27675newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\27675newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\302376newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\302376newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\303707newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\303707newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\311253newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\311253newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\312858newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\312858newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\312983newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\312983newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\324051newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\324051newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\347888newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\347888newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\347894newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\347894newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\350608newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\350608newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\353509newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\353509newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\356525newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\356525newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\361250newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\361250newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\376405newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\376405newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\376414newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\376414newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\377851newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\377851newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\384133newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\384133newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\385473newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\385473newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\385542newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\385542newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\390568newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\390568newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\390574newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\390574newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\400494newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\400494newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\402074newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\402074newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\403689newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\403689newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\405057newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\405057newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\405124newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\405124newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\405237newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\405237newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\406879newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\406879newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\409884newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\409884newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\413323newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\413323newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\417061newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\417061newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\418734newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\418734newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\420566newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\420566newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\423379newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\423379newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\424503newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\424503newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\425943newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\425943newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\440535newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\440535newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\442065newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\442065newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\447824newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\447824newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\448236newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\448236newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\450839newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\450839newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\455543newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\455543newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\108092newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\108092newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\110751newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\110751newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\113062newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\113062newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\113074newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\113074newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\123487newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\123487newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\127958newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\127958newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\153426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\153426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\155113newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\155113newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\163670newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\163670newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\169589newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\169589newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\169609newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\169609newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\186184newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\186184newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\190418newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\190418newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\192393newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\192393newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\192410newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\192410newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\195093newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\195093newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\241238newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\241238newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\242294newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\242294newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\243445newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\243445newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\246306newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\246306newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\250726newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\250726newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\250732newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\250732newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\253732newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\253732newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\253869newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\253869newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\264108newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\264108newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\266981newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\266981newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\271710newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\271710newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\27284newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\27284newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\273117newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\273117newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\281155newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\281155newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\283835newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\283835newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\301674newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\301674newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\31955newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\31955newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\336357newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\336357newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\380721newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\380721newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\380733newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\380733newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\381221newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\381221newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\381228newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\381228newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\392182newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\392182newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\392471newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\392471newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\395666newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\395666newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\409157newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\409157newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\41230newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\41230newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\417677newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\417677newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\422392newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\422392newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\426779newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\426779newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\446979newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\446979newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\456180newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\456180newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\462146newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\462146newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\462149newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\462149newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\101565newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\101565newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\104608newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\104608newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\113481newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\113481newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\115852newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\115852newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\120387newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\120387newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\120410newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\120410newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\126708newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\126708newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\126897newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\126897newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\129783newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\129783newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\130612newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\130612newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\136917newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\136917newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\140583newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\140583newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\144326newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\144326newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\146012newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\146012newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\149309newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\149309newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\151061newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\151061newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\154598newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\154598newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\157001newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\157001newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\16054newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\16054newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\176991newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\176991newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\179117newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\179117newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18158newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18158newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\181674newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\181674newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18215newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18215newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\182700newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\182700newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\186457newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\186457newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\187047newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\187047newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\189987newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\189987newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\200003newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\200003newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\203028newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\203028newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\203129newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\203129newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\232280newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\232280newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\237345newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\237345newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\240007newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\240007newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\242113newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\242113newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\242590newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\242590newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\243514newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\243514newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\246358newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\246358newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\246460newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\246460newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\249362newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\249362newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\252289newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\252289newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\257205newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\257205newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\272016newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\272016newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\27551newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\27551newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\283077newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\283077newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\285748newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\285748newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\287618newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\287618newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\301796newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\301796newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\305885newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\305885newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\309865newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\309865newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\10265newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\10265newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\114953newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\114953newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\127403newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\127403newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\127856newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\127856newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\143038newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\143038newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\149844newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\149844newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\152851newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\152851newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\154492newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\154492newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\15631newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\15631newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\159528newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\159528newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\159531newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\159531newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\160644newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\160644newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\164516newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\164516newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\164877newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\164877newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\164890newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\164890newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\165801newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\165801newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\165864newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\165864newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\167779newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\167779newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\167803newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\167803newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\172132newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\172132newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\173770newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\173770newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\173850newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\173850newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\175500newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\175500newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\175594newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\175594newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\177684newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\177684newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\199222newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\199222newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\201017newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\201017newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\202017newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\202017newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\204606newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\204606newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\207557newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\207557newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\210560newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\210560newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\220852newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\220852newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\220857newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\220857newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\220938newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\220938newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\221452newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\221452newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\224668newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\224668newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\224684newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\224684newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\225561newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\225561newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\229159newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\229159newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\229685newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\229685newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\230604newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\230604newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\234885newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\234885newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\235003newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\235003newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\236371newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\236371newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\237957newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\237957newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\237980newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\237980newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\238095newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\238095newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\240674newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\240674newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\242910newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\242910newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\242992newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\242992newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\107276newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\107276newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\108216newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\108216newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\110957newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\110957newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\111247newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\111247newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\117089newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\117089newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\120415newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\120415newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\121051newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\121051newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\133717newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\133717newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\140567newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\140567newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\144319newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\144319newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\146468newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\146468newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\146741newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\146741newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\148408newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\148408newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\149287newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\149287newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\154381newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\154381newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\155659newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\155659newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\158140newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\158140newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\160059newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\160059newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\18151newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\18151newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\18393newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\18393newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\18414newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\18414newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\189161newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\189161newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\189259newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\189259newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\191372newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\191372newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\193383newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\193383newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\193662newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\193662newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\199894newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\199894newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\200426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\200426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\216410newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\216410newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\217362newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\217362newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\217419newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\217419newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\217896newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\217896newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\222096newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\222096newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\227529newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\227529newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\237066newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\237066newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\245562newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\245562newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\246995newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\246995newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\259007newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\259007newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\261367newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\261367newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\264956newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\264956newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\267365newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\267365newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\270703newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\270703newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\270751newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\270751newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\271791newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\271791newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\280639newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\280639newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\284034newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\284034newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\284597newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\284597newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\28509newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\28509newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\286232newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\286232newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\291856newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\291856newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\101226newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\101226newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\10321newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\10321newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\105226newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\105226newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\106731newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\106731newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\108094newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\108094newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\113095newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\113095newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\113097newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\113097newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\115519newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\115519newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\118912newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\118912newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\123484newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\123484newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\125333newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\125333newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\126643newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\126643newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\12909newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\12909newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\129188newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\129188newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\143490newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\143490newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\147523newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\147523newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\148885newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\148885newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\153448newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\153448newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\165109newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\165109newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\169626newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\169626newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\178505newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\178505newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\178884newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\178884newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\180188newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\180188newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\188958newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\188958newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\195340newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\195340newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\196734newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\196734newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\202888newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\202888newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\206559newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\206559newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\208244newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\208244newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\209813newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\209813newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\214207newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\214207newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\222819newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\222819newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\235763newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\235763newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\239878newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\239878newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\2430newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\2430newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\246276newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\246276newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\247720newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\247720newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\247829newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\247829newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\247909newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\247909newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\257526newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\257526newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\258689newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\258689newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\264132newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\264132newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\268647newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\268647newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\278687newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\278687newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\281216newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\281216newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\28223newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\28223newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\282935newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\282935newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\287736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\287736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\289747newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\289747newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\304402newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\304402newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/MureDickie\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/NickLouth\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/PierreTran\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AaronPressman\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlanCrosby\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BernardHickey\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/BradDorfman\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/DavidLawder\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/EricAuchard\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JanLopatka\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JaneMacartney\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JimGilchrist\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JohnMastrini\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/JonathanBirt\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KeithWeir\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KevinMorrison\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KirstinRidley\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LydiaZajc\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MarkBendeich\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MartinWolk\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MatthewBunce\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MichaelConnor\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/MureDickie\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/NickLouth\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/PierreTran\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RobinSidel\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/RogerFillion\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SamuelPerry\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SarahDavison\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ScottHillis\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/SimonCowell\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TanEeLyn\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TheresePoletti\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/TimFarrand\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/ToddNissen\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/train/WilliamKazer\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\421829newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\421829newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\424074newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\424074newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\42764newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\42764newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\43033newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\43033newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\433558newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\433558newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\436774newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\436774newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\439561newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\439561newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\450383newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\450383newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\450788newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\450788newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\466275newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\466275newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\469448newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\469448newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\478157newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\478157newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\479564newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\479564newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\482034newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\482034newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\486982newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\486982newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\491060newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\491060newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\491643newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\491643newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\492068newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\492068newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\492770newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\492770newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\493876newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\493876newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\493995newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\493995newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\494466newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\494466newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\496933newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\496933newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\507230newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\507230newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\517526newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\517526newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\518507newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\518507newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\539259newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\539259newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\544012newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\544012newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\566383newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\566383newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\581517newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\581517newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\582759newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\582759newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\582927newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\582927newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\583229newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\583229newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\593702newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\593702newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\593715newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\593715newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\595361newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\595361newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\600865newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\600865newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\601962newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\601962newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\602451newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\602451newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\602453newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\602453newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\605443newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\605443newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\606238newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\606238newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\608287newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\608287newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\629404newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\629404newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\630942newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\630942newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\635785newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\635785newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\637021newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\637021newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\64508newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\64508newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\650163newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\650163newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\653225newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\653225newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\226494newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\226494newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\236352newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\236352newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\236574newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\236574newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\238508newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\238508newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\243204newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\243204newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\258151newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\258151newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\258421newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\258421newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\263795newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\263795newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\266728newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\266728newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\272695newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\272695newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\290616newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\290616newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\292115newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\292115newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\293241newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\293241newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\295492newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\295492newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\295770newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\295770newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\302568newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\302568newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\314352newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\314352newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\315980newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\315980newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\329867newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\329867newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\329881newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\329881newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\330057newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\330057newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\332131newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\332131newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\332767newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\332767newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\334192newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\334192newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\334448newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\334448newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\334550newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\334550newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\336998newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\336998newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\337258newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\337258newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\339041newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\339041newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\350545newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\350545newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\350775newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\350775newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\356722newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\356722newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\359894newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\359894newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\361663newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\361663newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\366272newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\366272newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\366373newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\366373newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\366381newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\366381newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\366583newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\366583newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\366688newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\366688newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\367973newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\367973newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\369180newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\369180newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\375217newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\375217newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\378036newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\378036newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\381679newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\381679newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\384397newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\384397newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\397638newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\397638newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\404037newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\404037newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\406803newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\406803newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\406812newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\406812newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\406817newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\406817newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\308119newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\308119newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\309625newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\309625newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\311279newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\311279newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\316030newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\316030newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\316079newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\316079newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\318165newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\318165newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\319897newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\319897newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\320958newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\320958newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\325793newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\325793newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\32951newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\32951newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\331658newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\331658newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33699newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33699newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\337048newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\337048newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33725newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33725newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33726newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33726newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33979newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33979newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\340179newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\340179newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\346243newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\346243newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\347927newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\347927newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\356530newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\356530newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\36069newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\36069newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\368880newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\368880newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\373284newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\373284newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40036newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40036newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40042newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40042newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40797newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40797newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\415565newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\415565newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\415623newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\415623newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\418692newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\418692newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\421576newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\421576newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\423409newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\423409newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\424504newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\424504newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\42561newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\42561newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\425714newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\425714newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\432627newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\432627newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\43310newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\43310newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\435739newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\435739newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\437443newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\437443newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\438800newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\438800newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\440462newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\440462newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\440463newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\440463newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\440570newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\440570newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\442046newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\442046newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\443465newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\443465newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\446464newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\446464newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\448310newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\448310newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\449459newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\449459newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\449471newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\449471newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\453934newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\453934newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\455539newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\455539newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\246281newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\246281newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\253738newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\253738newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\256512newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\256512newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\257480newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\257480newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\257486newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\257486newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\257512newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\257512newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\257752newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\257752newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\257774newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\257774newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\25912newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\25912newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\265757newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\265757newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\267043newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\267043newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\273106newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\273106newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\273110newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\273110newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\2732newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\2732newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\275542newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\275542newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\275633newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\275633newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\282006newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\282006newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\282714newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\282714newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\282994newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\282994newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\284781newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\284781newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\286651newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\286651newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\289854newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\289854newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\292307newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\292307newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\29521newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\29521newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\329319newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\329319newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\333057newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\333057newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\34762newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\34762newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\351110newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\351110newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\351176newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\351176newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\352444newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\352444newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\3541newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\3541newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\358909newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\358909newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\362004newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\362004newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\362056newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\362056newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\369436newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\369436newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\370968newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\370968newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\372324newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\372324newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\373993newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\373993newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\374132newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\374132newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\377203newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\377203newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\380017newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\380017newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\380264newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\380264newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\380723newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\380723newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\381261newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\381261newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\381284newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\381284newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\382184newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\382184newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\383271newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\383271newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\386264newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\386264newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\387914newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\387914newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\387932newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\387932newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\361843newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\361843newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\365715newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\365715newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\373908newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\373908newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\373918newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\373918newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\373923newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\373923newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\377023newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\377023newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\377027newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\377027newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\38643newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\38643newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\411948newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\411948newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\411963newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\411963newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\411964newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\411964newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\422169newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\422169newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\422177newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\422177newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\422196newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\422196newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\434620newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\434620newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\434639newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\434639newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\448362newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\448362newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\4524newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\4524newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\457862newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\457862newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\473562newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\473562newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\483285newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\483285newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\483297newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\483297newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\486099newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\486099newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\486114newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\486114newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\490941newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\490941newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\493677newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\493677newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\495186newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\495186newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\495201newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\495201newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\498168newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\498168newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\498174newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\498174newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\498185newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\498185newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\499647newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\499647newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\501361newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\501361newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\533555newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\533555newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\546701newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\546701newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\555952newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\555952newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\557449newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\557449newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\564448newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\564448newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\564487newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\564487newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\582425newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\582425newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\584368newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\584368newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\614610newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\614610newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\621832newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\621832newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\632132newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\632132newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\632134newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\632134newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\635746newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\635746newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\638406newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\638406newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\638407newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\638407newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\641570newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\641570newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\644446newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\644446newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\347151newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\347151newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\347621newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\347621newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\347827newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\347827newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\351218newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\351218newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\355224newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\355224newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\35721newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\35721newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\35731newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\35731newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\360279newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\360279newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\361151newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\361151newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\363462newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\363462newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\367024newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\367024newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\375576newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\375576newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\378368newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\378368newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\378757newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\378757newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\397965newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\397965newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\398730newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\398730newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\403141newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\403141newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\40628newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\40628newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\416802newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\416802newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\418660newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\418660newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\424105newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\424105newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\429448newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\429448newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\433514newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\433514newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\440399newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\440399newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\447074newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\447074newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\453180newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\453180newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\453205newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\453205newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\45336newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\45336newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\456233newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\456233newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\456308newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\456308newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\456550newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\456550newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\457670newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\457670newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\460094newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\460094newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\462813newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\462813newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\492830newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\492830newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\494048newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\494048newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\497821newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\497821newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\498878newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\498878newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\499850newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\499850newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\502697newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\502697newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\509785newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\509785newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\510133newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\510133newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\510134newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\510134newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\532261newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\532261newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\541677newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\541677newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\541918newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\541918newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\543949newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\543949newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\544122newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\544122newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\556131newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\556131newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\559756newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\559756newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\392045newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\392045newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\394766newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\394766newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\409728newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\409728newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\426024newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\426024newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\431621newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\431621newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\432674newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\432674newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\43376newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\43376newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\435085newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\435085newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\438913newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\438913newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\451979newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\451979newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\452451newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\452451newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\455651newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\455651newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\45789newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\45789newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\459010newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\459010newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\459922newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\459922newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\469968newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\469968newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\471511newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\471511newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\471525newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\471525newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\481633newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\481633newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\482557newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\482557newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\48300newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\48300newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\486842newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\486842newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\488540newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\488540newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\488986newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\488986newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\499175newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\499175newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\502154newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\502154newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\508778newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\508778newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\521312newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\521312newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\523429newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\523429newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\524128newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\524128newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\537438newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\537438newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\540778newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\540778newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\541508newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\541508newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\54385newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\54385newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\54386newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\54386newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\549855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\549855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\552118newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\552118newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\553292newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\553292newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\554793newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\554793newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\555580newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\555580newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\557176newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\557176newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\558717newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\558717newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\559158newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\559158newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\560178newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\560178newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\561091newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\561091newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\561128newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\561128newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\561518newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\561518newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\561535newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\561535newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\561555newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\561555newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\562335newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\562335newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\183833newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\183833newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\18717newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\18717newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\193380newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\193380newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\194855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\194855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\195623newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\195623newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\195624newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\195624newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\201827newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\201827newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\202581newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\202581newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\203662newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\203662newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\204323newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\204323newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\217962newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\217962newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\220677newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\220677newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\227505newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\227505newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\2287newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\2287newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\234153newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\234153newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\234761newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\234761newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\236095newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\236095newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\237047newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\237047newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\237690newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\237690newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\238265newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\238265newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\24396newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\24396newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\25092newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\25092newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\267210newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\267210newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\267732newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\267732newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\27371newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\27371newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\285651newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\285651newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\287113newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\287113newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\287624newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\287624newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\287844newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\287844newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\288662newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\288662newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\290135newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\290135newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\290324newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\290324newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\291225newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\291225newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\292695newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\292695newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\294544newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\294544newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\301809newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\301809newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\305874newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\305874newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\309803newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\309803newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\314006newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\314006newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\316966newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\316966newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\317022newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\317022newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\321566newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\321566newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\321597newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\321597newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\322727newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\322727newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\325690newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\325690newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\32590newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\32590newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\330994newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\330994newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\33121newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\33121newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\334855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\334855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\336711newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\336711newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\232106newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\232106newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\232139newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\232139newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\232185newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\232185newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\232587newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\232587newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\237920newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\237920newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\237949newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\237949newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\239175newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\239175newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\239177newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\239177newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\239190newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\239190newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\240426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\240426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\240680newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\240680newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\241063newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\241063newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\253043newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\253043newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\254322newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\254322newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\255765newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\255765newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\255821newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\255821newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\266476newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\266476newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\286508newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\286508newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\290492newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\290492newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\297212newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\297212newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\298705newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\298705newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\299970newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\299970newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\303604newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\303604newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\303705newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\303705newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\308096newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\308096newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\309658newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\309658newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\309691newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\309691newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\31097newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\31097newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\311197newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\311197newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\311202newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\311202newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\312577newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\312577newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\313399newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\313399newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\314446newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\314446newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\319311newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\319311newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\320924newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\320924newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\322428newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\322428newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\327640newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\327640newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\32950newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\32950newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\331632newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\331632newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\331647newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\331647newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\337133newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\337133newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\343315newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\343315newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\344955newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\344955newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\347916newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\347916newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\351972newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\351972newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\352437newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\352437newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\352479newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\352479newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\355041newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\355041newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\358016newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\358016newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\36015newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\36015newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\314122newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\314122newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\316916newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\316916newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\320619newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\320619newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\323831newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\323831newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\326019newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\326019newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\328845newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\328845newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\330573newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\330573newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\331353newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\331353newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\331809newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\331809newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\333922newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\333922newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\337716newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\337716newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\337934newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\337934newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\353279newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\353279newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\356361newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\356361newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\365349newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\365349newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\367137newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\367137newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\367764newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\367764newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\374573newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\374573newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\382287newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\382287newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\382538newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\382538newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\403143newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\403143newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\404458newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\404458newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\406430newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\406430newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\407529newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\407529newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\408364newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\408364newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\408417newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\408417newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\409470newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\409470newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\412609newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\412609newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\416785newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\416785newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\418649newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\418649newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\418918newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\418918newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\431230newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\431230newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\456216newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\456216newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\457017newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\457017newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\459981newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\459981newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\465164newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\465164newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\470368newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\470368newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\482711newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\482711newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\483679newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\483679newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\515983newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\515983newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\517487newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\517487newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\517645newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\517645newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\523278newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\523278newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\524749newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\524749newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\525445newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\525445newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\535691newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\535691newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\539148newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\539148newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\553647newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\553647newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\556113newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\556113newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\561840newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\561840newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\409078newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\409078newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\416452newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\416452newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\424005newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\424005newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\425242newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\425242newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\426619newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\426619newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\426818newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\426818newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\430318newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\430318newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\431490newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\431490newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\434737newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\434737newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\434895newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\434895newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\439472newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\439472newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\444226newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\444226newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\444478newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\444478newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\451574newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\451574newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\453008newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\453008newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\459301newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\459301newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\461020newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\461020newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\466046newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\466046newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\466072newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\466072newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\466141newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\466141newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\466152newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\466152newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\470830newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\470830newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\471889newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\471889newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\478879newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\478879newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\478956newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\478956newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\480205newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\480205newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\480475newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\480475newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\480704newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\480704newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\481554newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\481554newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\484440newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\484440newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\498288newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\498288newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\501445newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\501445newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\523200newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\523200newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\524689newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\524689newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\527900newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\527900newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\527978newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\527978newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\529679newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\529679newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\529934newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\529934newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\535556newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\535556newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\535596newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\535596newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\539068newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\539068newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\541159newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\541159newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\566173newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\566173newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\572232newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\572232newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\576026newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\576026newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\577818newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\577818newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\579074newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\579074newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\579118newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\579118newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\579138newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\579138newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\582428newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\582428newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\280506newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\280506newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\282033newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\282033newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\282596newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\282596newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\282943newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\282943newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\286622newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\286622newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\289721newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\289721newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\295075newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\295075newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\29583newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\29583newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\297901newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\297901newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\297963newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\297963newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\300593newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\300593newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\302826newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\302826newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\302877newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\302877newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\307358newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\307358newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\311848newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\311848newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\313680newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\313680newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\316210newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\316210newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\316849newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\316849newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\319987newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\319987newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\323070newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\323070newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\323511newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\323511newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\329312newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\329312newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\332361newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\332361newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\336170newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\336170newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\336225newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\336225newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\336525newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\336525newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\339247newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\339247newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\340760newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\340760newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\342423newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\342423newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\348646newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\348646newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\380091newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\380091newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\381277newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\381277newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\382223newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\382223newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\382233newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\382233newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\387985newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\387985newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\392139newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\392139newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\392211newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\392211newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\394093newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\394093newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\395461newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\395461newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\395486newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\395486newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\395507newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\395507newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\395978newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\395978newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\396702newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\396702newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\396708newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\396708newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\396738newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\396738newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\399045newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\399045newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\399060newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\399060newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\399258newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\399258newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\401087newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\401087newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\404313newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\404313newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\307647newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\307647newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\309320newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\309320newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\321033newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\321033newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\337165newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\337165newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\33960newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\33960newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\34118newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\34118newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\356586newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\356586newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\359796newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\359796newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\362276newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\362276newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\363771newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\363771newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\381783newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\381783newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\386076newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\386076newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\405241newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\405241newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\409946newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\409946newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\426025newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\426025newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43373newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43373newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43378newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43378newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\458616newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\458616newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\459013newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\459013newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\459927newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\459927newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\471524newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\471524newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48320newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48320newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\483976newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\483976newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48870newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48870newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\4951newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\4951newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\496213newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\496213newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\531412newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\531412newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\534980newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\534980newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\540018newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\540018newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\543313newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\543313newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\546238newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\546238newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\55336newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\55336newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\554418newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\554418newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\555389newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\555389newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\559153newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\559153newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\562336newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\562336newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\568902newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\568902newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\570410newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\570410newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\571281newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\571281newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\574091newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\574091newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\574092newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\574092newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\574094newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\574094newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\574097newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\574097newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\578594newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\578594newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\584216newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\584216newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\584217newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\584217newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\589583newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\589583newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\597370newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\597370newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\60232newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\60232newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\608139newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\608139newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\308071newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\308071newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\308330newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\308330newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31233newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31233newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31240newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31240newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31422newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31422newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31429newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31429newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\320889newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\320889newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\320901newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\320901newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\321155newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\321155newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\321203newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\321203newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\322938newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\322938newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\346501newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\346501newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\346547newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\346547newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\368847newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\368847newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\368856newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\368856newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\369118newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\369118newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\370111newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\370111newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\371688newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\371688newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\371984newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\371984newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\375073newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\375073newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\377995newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\377995newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\40994newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\40994newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\42676newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\42676newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\446351newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\446351newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\446630newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\446630newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\452582newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\452582newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\455793newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\455793newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\45921newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\45921newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\462517newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\462517newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\464488newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\464488newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\465505newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\465505newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\467480newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\467480newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\471677newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\471677newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\474165newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\474165newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\481273newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\481273newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\48998newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\48998newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\49058newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\49058newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\493334newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\493334newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\494486newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\494486newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\495089newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\495089newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\495103newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\495103newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\505962newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\505962newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\508615newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\508615newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\511360newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\511360newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\512860newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\512860newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\519868newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\519868newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\520213newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\520213newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\52562newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\52562newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\538636newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\538636newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\5455newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\5455newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\301684newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\301684newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\301707newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\301707newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\305714newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\305714newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\307319newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\307319newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\310150newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\310150newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\310425newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\310425newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\311877newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\311877newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\314873newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\314873newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\316240newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\316240newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\333529newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\333529newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\333545newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\333545newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\334756newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\334756newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\336162newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\336162newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\339320newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\339320newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\340691newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\340691newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\340765newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\340765newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\345343newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\345343newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\348416newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\348416newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\349275newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\349275newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\349292newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\349292newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\349859newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\349859newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\358766newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\358766newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\361969newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\361969newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\377239newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\377239newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\381241newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\381241newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\381265newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\381265newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\382170newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\382170newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\382203newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\382203newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\382978newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\382978newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\384662newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\384662newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\384664newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\384664newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\386237newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\386237newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\386417newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\386417newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\387943newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\387943newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\387947newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\387947newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\387960newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\387960newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\389477newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\389477newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\389638newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\389638newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\392186newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\392186newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\392463newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\392463newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\392533newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\392533newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\394077newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\394077newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\395468newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\395468newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\395516newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\395516newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\395810newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\395810newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\396202newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\396202newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\396203newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\396203newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\396370newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\396370newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\396697newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\396697newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\396731newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\396731newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\217251newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\217251newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\217288newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\217288newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\220108newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\220108newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\220114newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\220114newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\221614newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\221614newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\222794newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\222794newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\228366newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\228366newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\231094newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\231094newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\231095newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\231095newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\232779newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\232779newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\234043newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\234043newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\234051newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\234051newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\234052newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\234052newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\234053newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\234053newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\236935newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\236935newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\236941newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\236941newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\239869newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\239869newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\239874newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\239874newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\246275newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\246275newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\252104newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\252104newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\252113newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\252113newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\252143newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\252143newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\258609newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\258609newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\258624newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\258624newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\261243newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\261243newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\264073newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\264073newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\264074newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\264074newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\267064newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\267064newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\275058newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\275058newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\275557newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\275557newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\281175newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\281175newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\285614newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\285614newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\285618newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\285618newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\290907newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\290907newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\293575newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\293575newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\295053newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\295053newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\29568newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\29568newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\296039newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\296039newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\310330newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\310330newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\311799newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\311799newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\318676newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\318676newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\318685newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\318685newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\318702newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\318702newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\31905newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\31905newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\319982newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\319982newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\320014newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\320014newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\323064newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\323064newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\327974newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\327974newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\330703newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\330703newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\330707newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\330707newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\22418newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\22418newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\225498newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\225498newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\225506newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\225506newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\232077newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\232077newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\234890newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\234890newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\237984newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\237984newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\239216newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\239216newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\240421newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\240421newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\245684newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\245684newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\247051newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\247051newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\247105newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\247105newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\251605newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\251605newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\253042newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\253042newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\253045newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\253045newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\253541newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\253541newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\254373newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\254373newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\265098newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\265098newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\267986newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\267986newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\269138newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\269138newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\270615newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\270615newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\271584newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\271584newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\271591newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\271591newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\272699newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\272699newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\272700newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\272700newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\272702newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\272702newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\273505newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\273505newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\273645newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\273645newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\274522newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\274522newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\274523newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\274523newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\274527newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\274527newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\293036newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\293036newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\294332newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\294332newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\294369newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\294369newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\295505newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\295505newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\298646newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\298646newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\298701newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\298701newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\303681newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\303681newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\314427newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\314427newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\322657newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\322657newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\327630newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\327630newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\329897newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\329897newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\331633newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\331633newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\335563newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\335563newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\34069newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\34069newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\347890newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\347890newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\36050newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\36050newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\364046newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\364046newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\364608newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\364608newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\376127newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\376127newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\376408newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\376408newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\379335newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\379335newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\379346newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\379346newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\379899newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\379899newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\384184newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\384184newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\385449newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\385449newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\385567newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\385567newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\385962newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\385962newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\387359newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\387359newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\388736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\388736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\388829newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\388829newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\397370newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\397370newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\398774newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\398774newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\400547newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\400547newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\402056newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\402056newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\402351newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\402351newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\405061newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\405061newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\405201newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\405201newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\408154newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\408154newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\408807newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\408807newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\411346newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\411346newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\413315newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\413315newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\413327newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\413327newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\414162newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\414162newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\414230newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\414230newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\415570newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\415570newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\415575newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\415575newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\416007newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\416007newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\417119newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\417119newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\418695newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\418695newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\419241newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\419241newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\424479newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\424479newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\427200newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\427200newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\434168newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\434168newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\437354newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\437354newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\440510newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\440510newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\443467newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\443467newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\450830newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\450830newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\455552newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\455552newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\456850newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\456850newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\457123newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\457123newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\466955newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\466955newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\467057newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\467057newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\467483newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\467483newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\467485newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\467485newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\46943newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\46943newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\47681newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\47681newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\479838newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\479838newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\480979newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\480979newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\482563newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\482563newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\48759newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\48759newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\282855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\282855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\282901newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\282901newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\28628newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\28628newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\29212newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\29212newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\298942newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\298942newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\318112newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\318112newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\320888newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\320888newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\321184newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\321184newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\327808newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\327808newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\34363newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\34363newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\349256newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\349256newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\350526newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\350526newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\352438newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\352438newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\353739newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\353739newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\356689newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\356689newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\356695newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\356695newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\359937newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\359937newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\371679newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\371679newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\372062newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\372062newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39111newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39111newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39590newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39590newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\400681newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\400681newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\40487newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\40487newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\410207newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\410207newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\420831newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\420831newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\423709newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\423709newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\429099newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\429099newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\432537newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\432537newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\432870newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\432870newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\434117newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\434117newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\435563newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\435563newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\446364newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\446364newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\448230newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\448230newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\455483newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\455483newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\465483newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\465483newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\465748newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\465748newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\465766newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\465766newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\468615newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\468615newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\468657newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\468657newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\471617newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\471617newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\483777newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\483777newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\499321newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\499321newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\505949newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\505949newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\505971newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\505971newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\508613newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\508613newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\511361newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\511361newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\5490newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\5490newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\57963newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\57963newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\59545newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\59545newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\597129newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\597129newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\340123newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\340123newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\34018newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\34018newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\343329newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\343329newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\355006newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\355006newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\355033newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\355033newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\361293newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\361293newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\361756newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\361756newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\366441newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\366441newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\367612newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\367612newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\368006newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\368006newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\370354newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\370354newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\370377newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\370377newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\376476newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\376476newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\376944newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\376944newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\384134newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\384134newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\385477newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\385477newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\385554newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\385554newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\388783newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\388783newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\388849newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\388849newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\389317newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\389317newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\423377newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\423377newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\423431newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\423431newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\424453newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\424453newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\424944newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\424944newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\42567newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\42567newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\431136newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\431136newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\432614newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\432614newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\43276newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\43276newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\434190newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\434190newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\437351newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\437351newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\437646newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\437646newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\440528newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\440528newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\441196newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\441196newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\442064newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\442064newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\448279newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\448279newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\457779newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\457779newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\458550newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\458550newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\462591newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\462591newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\467535newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\467535newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\468724newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\468724newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\468752newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\468752newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\47041newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\47041newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\491803newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\491803newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\496120newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\496120newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\500813newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\500813newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\502072newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\502072newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\50395newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\50395newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\50443newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\50443newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\510819newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\510819newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\514507newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\514507newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\353898newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\353898newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\356919newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\356919newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\356975newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\356975newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\360131newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\360131newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\365244newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\365244newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\365661newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\365661newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\366764newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\366764newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\366798newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\366798newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369308newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369308newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369311newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369311newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369313newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369313newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369380newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369380newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369381newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369381newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369393newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\369393newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\37153newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\37153newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\371633newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\371633newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\375263newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\375263newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\375349newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\375349newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\390909newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\390909newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\390910newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\390910newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\400945newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\400945newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\404210newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\404210newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\407270newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\407270newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\420901newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\420901newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\430188newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\430188newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\436179newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\436179newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\439335newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\439335newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\469159newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\469159newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\471829newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\471829newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\471835newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\471835newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\474266newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\474266newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\476648newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\476648newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\478706newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\478706newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\478806newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\478806newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\481304newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\481304newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\484332newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\484332newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\487341newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\487341newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\487412newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\487412newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\489235newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\489235newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\49165newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\49165newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\550188newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\550188newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\55598newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\55598newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\575779newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\575779newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\58126newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\58126newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\582258newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\582258newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\597675newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\597675newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\608925newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\608925newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\61166newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\61166newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\619906newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\619906newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\656179newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\656179newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\289105newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\289105newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\29059newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\29059newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\293079newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\293079newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\294805newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\294805newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\30089newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\30089newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\302342newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\302342newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\311198newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\311198newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\325807newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\325807newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\338616newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\338616newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\341733newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\341733newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\343303newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\343303newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\346046newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\346046newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\346245newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\346245newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\347893newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\347893newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\357973newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\357973newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\373240newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\373240newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\373246newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\373246newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\373778newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\373778newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\385959newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\385959newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\391829newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\391829newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\391836newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\391836newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\393344newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\393344newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\397336newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\397336newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\399863newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\399863newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\401970newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\401970newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\405071newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\405071newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\406833newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\406833newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\408184newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\408184newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\411267newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\411267newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\434470newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\434470newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\437641newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\437641newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\437680newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\437680newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\438320newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\438320newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\440457newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\440457newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\440560newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\440560newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\443473newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\443473newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\444817newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\444817newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\447694newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\447694newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\447848newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\447848newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\448891newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\448891newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\450915newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\450915newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\462593newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\462593newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\465117newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\465117newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\47025newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\47025newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\47027newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\47027newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\477570newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\477570newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\482791newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\482791newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\48329newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\48329newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\48360newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\48360newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\490280newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\490280newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\330570newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\330570newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\331542newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\331542newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\336783newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\336783newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\339838newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\339838newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\342913newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\342913newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\343125newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\343125newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\346886newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\346886newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\348184newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\348184newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\350314newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\350314newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\354287newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\354287newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\359372newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\359372newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\366022newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\366022newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\366914newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\366914newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\368499newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\368499newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\370086newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\370086newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\371262newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\371262newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\372992newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\372992newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\375707newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\375707newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\376239newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\376239newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\384867newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\384867newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\386939newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\386939newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\388064newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\388064newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\388065newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\388065newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\388111newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\388111newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\388676newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\388676newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\388932newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\388932newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\404470newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\404470newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\413811newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\413811newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\413889newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\413889newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\414893newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\414893newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\416801newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\416801newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\420206newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\420206newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\420297newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\420297newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\428233newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\428233newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\43238newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\43238newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\435234newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\435234newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\435431newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\435431newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\439578newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\439578newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\446011newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\446011newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\44733newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\44733newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\45488newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\45488newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\466424newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\466424newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\469562newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\469562newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\472048newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\472048newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\472238newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\472238newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\472386newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\472386newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\472488newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\472488newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\473276newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\473276newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\47472newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\47472newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\477961newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\477961newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\304260newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\304260newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\304272newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\304272newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\304275newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\304275newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\31244newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\31244newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\313525newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\313525newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\313543newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\313543newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34544newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34544newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34572newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34572newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34580newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34580newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\361836newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\361836newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\365713newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\365713newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36582newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36582newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36584newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36584newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\369421newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\369421newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\373905newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\373905newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\373912newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\373912newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\373931newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\373931newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\373952newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\373952newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\382156newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\382156newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\386125newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\386125newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38618newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38618newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38625newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38625newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\389342newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\389342newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\392062newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\392062newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\392090newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\392090newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\40200newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\40200newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\402400newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\402400newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\402410newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\402410newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\408899newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\408899newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\416113newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\416113newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\416138newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\416138newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\419311newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\419311newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\422170newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\422170newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\422172newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\422172newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\422211newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\422211newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\425090newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\425090newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\426474newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\426474newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\426489newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\426489newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\428363newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\428363newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\431629newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\431629newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\434637newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\434637newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\437822newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\437822newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\441280newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\441280newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\441794newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\441794newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\446953newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\446953newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\448400newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\448400newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\4547newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\4547newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\469950newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\469950newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\470788newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\470788newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\473549newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\473549newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\434169newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\434169newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\435736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\435736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\440494newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\440494newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\440555newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\440555newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\441267newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\441267newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\446400newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\446400newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\448880newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\448880newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\449476newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\449476newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\452353newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\452353newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\452376newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\452376newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\452436newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\452436newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\455600newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\455600newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\462574newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\462574newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\464080newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\464080newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\471462newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\471462newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\481035newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\481035newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\486822newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\486822newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\488570newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\488570newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\507231newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\507231newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\507439newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\507439newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\507486newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\507486newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\508679newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\508679newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\519957newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\519957newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\526724newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\526724newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\538495newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\538495newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\543061newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\543061newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\543151newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\543151newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\547737newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\547737newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\549729newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\549729newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\570782newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\570782newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\573465newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\573465newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\583518newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\583518newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\584224newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\584224newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\585620newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\585620newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\587325newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\587325newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\600531newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\600531newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\606332newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\606332newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\633102newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\633102newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\643869newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\643869newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\662999newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\662999newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\6665newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\6665newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\672244newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\672244newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\676831newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\676831newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\679521newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\679521newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\679581newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\679581newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\681011newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\681011newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\683946newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\683946newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\684043newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\684043newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\685395newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\685395newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\686969newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\686969newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\332794newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\332794newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\333636newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\333636newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\340931newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\340931newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\347274newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\347274newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\349979newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\349979newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\354282newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\354282newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\357220newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\357220newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\357728newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\357728newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\357767newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\357767newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\359178newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\359178newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\364308newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\364308newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\366916newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\366916newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\367345newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\367345newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\369687newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\369687newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\396513newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\396513newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\404573newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\404573newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\413844newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\413844newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\415396newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\415396newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\436678newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\436678newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\440833newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\440833newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\442588newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\442588newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\445118newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\445118newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\460088newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\460088newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\467261newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\467261newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\469438newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\469438newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\469597newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\469597newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\472722newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\472722newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\474506newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\474506newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\479078newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\479078newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\482048newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\482048newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\484584newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\484584newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\491080newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\491080newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\491651newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\491651newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\494531newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\494531newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\500025newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\500025newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\506693newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\506693newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\515693newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\515693newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\519412newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\519412newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\519442newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\519442newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\542251newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\542251newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\559907newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\559907newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\560190newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\560190newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\572318newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\572318newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\576094newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\576094newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\578017newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\578017newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\579258newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\579258newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\579869newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\579869newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\579892newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\579892newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\585073newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\585073newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\586446newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\586446newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\368984newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\368984newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\368987newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\368987newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\371837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\371837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\371844newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\371844newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\377881newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\377881newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\379934newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\379934newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\381781newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\381781newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\384226newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\384226newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\387432newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\387432newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\390618newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\390618newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\397422newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\397422newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\406179newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\406179newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\406245newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\406245newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\408852newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\408852newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\409936newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\409936newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\409941newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\409941newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\411919newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\411919newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\411926newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\411926newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\416661newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\416661newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\417179newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\417179newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\419898newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\419898newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\423498newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\423498newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\426019newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\426019newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\426115newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\426115newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\432677newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\432677newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\438922newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\438922newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\440413newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\440413newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\449523newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\449523newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\45801newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\45801newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\458593newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\458593newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\462651newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\462651newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\465637newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\465637newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\468774newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\468774newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\471500newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\471500newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\503342newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\503342newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\505819newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\505819newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\508764newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\508764newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\51422newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\51422newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\516745newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\516745newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\518896newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\518896newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\520056newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\520056newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\524134newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\524134newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\524138newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\524138newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\543300newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\543300newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\543308newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\543308newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\546231newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\546231newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\549842newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\549842newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\553290newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\553290newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\555375newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\555375newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\555388newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\555388newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29644newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29644newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30150newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30150newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30159newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30159newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\308675newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\308675newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\326546newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\326546newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\329320newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\329320newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\329704newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\329704newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\334764newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\334764newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\336018newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\336018newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\342460newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\342460newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34681newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34681newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34786newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34786newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\351174newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\351174newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\358776newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\358776newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\358806newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\358806newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\368201newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\368201newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\374038newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\374038newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\383194newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\383194newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\392189newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\392189newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\392383newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\392383newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\394081newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\394081newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\394110newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\394110newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\396710newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\396710newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\397899newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\397899newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\399130newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\399130newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\399373newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\399373newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\399889newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\399889newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\402635newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\402635newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\409029newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\409029newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\413503newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\413503newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\422342newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\422342newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\42284newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\42284newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\426695newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\426695newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\426864newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\426864newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\431701newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\431701newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\431745newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\431745newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\434690newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\434690newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\437962newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\437962newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\441368newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\441368newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\444232newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\444232newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\448512newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\448512newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\451502newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\451502newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4587newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4587newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\461113newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\461113newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\46320newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\46320newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\467877newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\467877newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4680newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4680newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\470975newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\470975newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\474810newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\474810newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\480355newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\480355newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\334440newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\334440newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\337350newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\337350newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\340421newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\340421newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\347842newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\347842newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\353699newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\353699newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\360041newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\360041newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37045newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37045newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37073newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37073newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\390774newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\390774newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\397543newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\397543newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\404096newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\404096newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\407094newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\407094newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\420768newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\420768newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\432812newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\432812newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\43494newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\43494newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\442294newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\442294newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\452595newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\452595newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\465761newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\465761newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\465820newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\465820newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\481244newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\481244newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\48188newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\48188newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\490772newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\490772newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\499374newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\499374newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\511387newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\511387newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\516888newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\516888newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\52569newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\52569newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\55464newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\55464newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\55512newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\55512newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\56273newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\56273newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\565907newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\565907newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\597530newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\597530newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\601534newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\601534newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\613563newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\613563newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\619783newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\619783newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\636379newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\636379newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\636476newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\636476newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\63900newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\63900newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\639556newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\639556newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\639638newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\639638newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\642734newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\642734newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\663160newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\663160newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\66810newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\66810newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\669237newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\669237newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\671745newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\671745newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\672497newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\672497newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\672575newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\672575newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\675753newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\675753newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\679778newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\679778newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\685679newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\685679newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\692007newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\692007newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\234470newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\234470newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\234475newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\234475newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\234581newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\234581newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\235208newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\235208newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\235357newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\235357newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\235436newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\235436newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\237515newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\237515newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\238398newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\238398newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\240216newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\240216newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\240436newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\240436newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\240939newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\240939newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\240941newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\240941newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\249680newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\249680newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\253288newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\253288newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\259817newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\259817newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\262590newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\262590newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\265353newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\265353newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\268216newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\268216newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\268269newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\268269newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\268454newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\268454newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\270846newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\270846newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\271811newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\271811newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\271812newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\271812newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\275298newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\275298newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\303194newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\303194newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\303920newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\303920newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\306113newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\306113newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\306932newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\306932newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\309164newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\309164newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\312308newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\312308newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\313235newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\313235newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\319004newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\319004newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\325089newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\325089newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\326084newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\326084newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\326839newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\326839newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\329000newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\329000newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\338982newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\338982newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\341142newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\341142newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\342055newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\342055newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\344888newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\344888newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\345720newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\345720newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\348314newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\348314newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\348315newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\348315newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\351515newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\351515newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\351579newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\351579newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\351745newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\351745newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\351919newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\351919newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\352335newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\352335newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\352449newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\352449newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\358545newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\358545newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\408940newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\408940newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\416112newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\416112newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\419374newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\419374newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\422190newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\422190newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\422261newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\422261newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\425083newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\425083newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\425125newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\425125newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\426467newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\426467newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\434629newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\434629newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\441274newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\441274newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\441325newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\441325newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\454389newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\454389newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\454600newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\454600newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\454625newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\454625newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\464652newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\464652newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\50901newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\50901newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\526254newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\526254newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\526270newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\526270newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\52751newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\52751newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\529811newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\529811newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\529855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\529855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\530353newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\530353newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\533595newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\533595newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\548664newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\548664newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\548680newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\548680newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\552232newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\552232newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\564452newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\564452newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\564489newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\564489newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\567757newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\567757newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\567780newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\567780newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\57028newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\57028newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\570837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\570837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\575912newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\575912newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\580795newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\580795newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\580804newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\580804newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\586226newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\586226newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\588023newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\588023newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\591708newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\591708newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\593408newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\593408newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\596003newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\596003newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\596038newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\596038newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\596049newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\596049newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\599480newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\599480newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\600640newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\600640newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\603160newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\603160newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\61265newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\61265newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\62730newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\62730newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\627801newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\627801newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\64099newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\64099newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\641597newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\641597newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\321580newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\321580newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\322123newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\322123newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\322145newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\322145newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\322722newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\322722newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\324868newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\324868newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\328590newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\328590newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\33775newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\33775newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\337850newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\337850newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\347170newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\347170newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\35113newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\35113newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\354157newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\354157newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\354194newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\354194newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\373171newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\373171newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\390085newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\390085newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\396291newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\396291newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\408450newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\408450newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\414923newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\414923newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\427444newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\427444newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\4289newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\4289newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\433316newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\433316newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\43919newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\43919newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\44606newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\44606newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\453195newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\453195newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\45496newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\45496newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\460399newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\460399newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\463526newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\463526newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\465191newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\465191newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\46611newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\46611newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\482117newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\482117newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\48412newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\48412newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\484575newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\484575newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\491129newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\491129newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\491145newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\491145newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\493869newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\493869newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\494876newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\494876newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\502633newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\502633newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\502931newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\502931newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\513686newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\513686newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\515844newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\515844newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\517388newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\517388newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\517405newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\517405newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\520564newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\520564newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\521102newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\521102newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\521317newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\521317newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\54256newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\54256newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\544848newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\544848newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\544872newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\544872newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\546928newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\546928newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\54817newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\54817newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\56742newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\56742newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\362892newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\362892newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\365213newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\365213newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\366525newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\366525newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\369043newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\369043newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\375057newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\375057newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\377937newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\377937newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\381802newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\381802newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\381833newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\381833newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\403844newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\403844newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\403861newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\403861newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\406980newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\406980newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\417209newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\417209newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\429044newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\429044newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\429054newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\429054newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\429060newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\429060newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\429932newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\429932newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\432733newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\432733newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\435827newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\435827newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\455687newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\455687newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\458645newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\458645newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\462692newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\462692newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\471546newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\471546newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\471573newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\471573newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\487152newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\487152newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\48925newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\48925newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\490605newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\490605newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\496232newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\496232newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\499240newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\499240newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\502183newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\502183newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\512807newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\512807newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\520069newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\520069newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\524177newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\524177newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\52449newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\52449newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\527488newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\527488newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\535007newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\535007newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\543329newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\543329newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\549927newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\549927newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\549929newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\549929newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\553338newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\553338newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\562380newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\562380newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\568925newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\568925newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\568933newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\568933newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\578630newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\578630newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\581945newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\581945newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\585792newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\585792newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\585799newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\585799newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\649330newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\649330newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\655872newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\655872newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\658870newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\658870newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\658873newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\658873newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\42763newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\42763newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\430465newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\430465newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\430536newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\430536newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\436431newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\436431newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\436742newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\436742newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\445797newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\445797newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\449088newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\449088newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\450775newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\450775newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\453294newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\453294newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\459052newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\459052newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\459205newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\459205newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\462265newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\462265newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\462353newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\462353newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\469650newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\469650newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\48231newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\48231newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\486895newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\486895newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\486930newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\486930newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\489381newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\489381newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\491126newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\491126newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\49586newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\49586newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\497480newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\497480newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\506971newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\506971newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\517601newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\517601newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\520670newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\520670newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\520672newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\520672newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\526998newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\526998newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\528203newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\528203newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\528737newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\528737newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\530677newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\530677newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\532335newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\532335newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\534092newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\534092newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\534156newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\534156newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\534165newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\534165newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\536857newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\536857newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\540454newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\540454newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\542510newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\542510newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\582683newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\582683newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\583420newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\583420newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\600966newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\600966newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\609390newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\609390newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\609836newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\609836newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\616986newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\616986newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\622688newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\622688newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\625493newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\625493newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\627633newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\627633newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\633922newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\633922newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\634005newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\634005newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\637058newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\637058newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\638970newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\638970newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\645726newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\645726newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\229833newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\229833newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\24252newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\24252newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\25426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\25426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\257503newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\257503newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\262723newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\262723newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\262730newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\262730newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\26391newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\26391newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\26392newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\26392newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\264047newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\264047newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\264050newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\264050newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\26408newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\26408newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\265806newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\265806newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\266980newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\266980newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\268619newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\268619newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\275638newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\275638newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\276105newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\276105newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\276760newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\276760newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\277881newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\277881newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\281041newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\281041newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\281124newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\281124newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\281146newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\281146newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\284771newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\284771newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\288585newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\288585newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\290951newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\290951newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\293598newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\293598newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\29518newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\29518newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\296014newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\296014newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\29645newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\29645newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\297664newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\297664newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\301677newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\301677newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\317468newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\317468newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\324666newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\324666newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\339187newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\339187newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\339199newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\339199newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\340723newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\340723newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\342400newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\342400newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\343859newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\343859newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\345218newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\345218newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\345246newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\345246newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\345300newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\345300newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\345444newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\345444newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\347084newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\347084newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\34733newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\34733newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\34792newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\34792newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\349836newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\349836newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\349837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\349837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\349840newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\349840newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\349895newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\349895newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\357077newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\357077newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\362034newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/MureDickie\logprobs\362034newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\196611newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\196611newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\200027newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\200027newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\204126newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\204126newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\205508newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\205508newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\206917newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\206917newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\206941newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\206941newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\207281newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\207281newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\216492newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\216492newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\220172newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\220172newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\220671newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\220671newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\233169newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\233169newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\237046newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\237046newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\237257newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\237257newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\23797newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\23797newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\26653newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\26653newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\273191newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\273191newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\285397newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\285397newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\285650newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\285650newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\287937newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\287937newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\288632newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\288632newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\293763newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\293763newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\293819newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\293819newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\296245newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\296245newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\303480newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\303480newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\305972newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\305972newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\307890newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\307890newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\308915newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\308915newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\314089newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\314089newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\317775newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\317775newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\321575newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\321575newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\321601newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\321601newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\321644newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\321644newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\321782newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\321782newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\322765newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\322765newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\323764newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\323764newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\323846newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\323846newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\324720newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\324720newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\328329newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\328329newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\331530newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\331530newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\333836newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\333836newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\337773newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\337773newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\337977newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\337977newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\340857newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\340857newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\340917newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\340917newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\35227newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\35227newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\353163newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\353163newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\354412newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\354412newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\35997newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\35997newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\360350newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\360350newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\3665newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/NickLouth\logprobs\3665newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2911newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2911newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\293689newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\293689newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\294155newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\294155newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\29747newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\29747newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\302920newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\302920newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\303107newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\303107newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\303415newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\303415newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\314014newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\314014newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\32110newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\32110newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\331817newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\331817newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\334989newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\334989newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\335312newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\335312newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\33704newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\33704newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\343984newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\343984newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\347178newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\347178newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\35005newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\35005newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\350167newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\350167newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\351736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\351736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\357162newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\357162newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\357273newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\357273newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\360832newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\360832newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\363833newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\363833newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\384813newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\384813newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\384968newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\384968newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\384992newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\384992newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\386926newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\386926newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\386989newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\386989newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\388290newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\388290newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\388381newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\388381newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\388386newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\388386newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\390115newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\390115newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\391260newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\391260newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\391445newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\391445newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\391498newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\391498newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\397964newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\397964newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\398230newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\398230newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\404398newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\404398newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\404426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\404426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\404982newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\404982newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\404985newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\404985newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\407636newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\407636newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\413779newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\413779newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\415401newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\415401newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\429308newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\429308newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\43225newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\43225newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\433550newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\433550newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\436695newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\436695newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\450332newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\450332newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\456459newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\456459newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\466395newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\466395newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\307401newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\307401newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\316341newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\316341newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\31899newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\31899newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\320020newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\320020newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\320182newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\320182newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\326472newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\326472newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\326618newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\326618newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\332506newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\332506newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\33468newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\33468newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\334765newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\334765newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\368184newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\368184newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\370981newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\370981newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\371028newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\371028newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\37228newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\37228newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\375444newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\375444newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\377142newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\377142newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\380077newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\380077newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\397843newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\397843newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\399135newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\399135newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\402503newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\402503newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\405550newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\405550newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\412192newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\412192newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\419552newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\419552newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\421042newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\421042newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\425344newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\425344newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\426647newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\426647newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\42702newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\42702newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\434776newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\434776newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\434825newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\434825newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\436325newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\436325newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\439426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\439426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\454863newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\454863newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\467908newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\467908newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\4733newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\4733newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\487511newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\487511newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\491001newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\491001newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\493759newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\493759newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\499760newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\499760newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\509680newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\509680newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\515230newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\515230newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\517231newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\517231newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\519044newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\519044newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\523180newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\523180newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\528054newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\528054newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\52952newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\52952newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\531911newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\531911newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\532042newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\532042newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\546706newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\546706newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\548809newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\548809newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\552343newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\552343newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\38425newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\38425newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\393138newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\393138newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\398321newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\398321newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\399650newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\399650newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\40130newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\40130newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\402225newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\402225newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\411785newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\411785newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\415783newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\415783newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\415824newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\415824newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\415971newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\415971newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\41993newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\41993newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\421261newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\421261newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\421288newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\421288newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\421396newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\421396newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\421928newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\421928newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\433717newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\433717newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\434453newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\434453newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\434457newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\434457newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\436830newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\436830newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\436852newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\436852newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\437644newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\437644newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\443058newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\443058newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\459680newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\459680newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\459782newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\459782newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\467398newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\467398newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\467503newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\467503newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\472587newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\472587newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\474439newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\474439newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\483067newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\483067newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\484844newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\484844newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\488007newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\488007newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\488344newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\488344newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\488345newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\488345newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\491439newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\491439newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\492073newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\492073newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\497989newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\497989newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\500211newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\500211newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\500339newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\500339newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\501165newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\501165newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\503110newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\503110newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\503846newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\503846newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\536162newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\536162newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\541712newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\541712newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\544685newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\544685newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\549106newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\549106newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\552026newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\552026newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\558908newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\558908newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\566723newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\566723newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\576483newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\576483newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\584112newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/PierreTran\logprobs\584112newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\264346newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\264346newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\264784newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\264784newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\267130newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\267130newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\267356newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\267356newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\267467newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\267467newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\268178newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\268178newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\269611newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\269611newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\269930newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\269930newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\270064newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\270064newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\270336newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\270336newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\271767newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\271767newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\273201newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\273201newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\275170newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\275170newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\27552newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\27552newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\284041newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\284041newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\284177newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\284177newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\292911newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\292911newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\293670newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\293670newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\302146newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\302146newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\302939newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\302939newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\303411newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\303411newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\304717newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\304717newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\304845newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\304845newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\305978newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\305978newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\306379newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\306379newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\315690newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\315690newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\317780newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\317780newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\32220newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\32220newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\324820newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\324820newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\324849newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\324849newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\337819newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\337819newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\338537newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\338537newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\338553newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\338553newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\341018newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\341018newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\344040newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\344040newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\344160newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\344160newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\347154newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\347154newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\347781newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\347781newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\350225newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\350225newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\351734newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\351734newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\352207newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\352207newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\363245newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\363245newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\363336newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\363336newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\363477newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\363477newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\372407newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\372407newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\372617newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\372617newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\37351newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\37351newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\375604newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\375604newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\375629newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\375629newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\38072newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\38072newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\401956newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\401956newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\407691newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\407691newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\410545newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\410545newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\410589newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\410589newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\414778newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\414778newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\414931newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\414931newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\424057newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\424057newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\436687newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\436687newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\445923newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\445923newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\456348newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\456348newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\457388newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\457388newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\465251newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\465251newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\466793newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\466793newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\469375newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\469375newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\476208newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\476208newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\476880newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\476880newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\477233newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\477233newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\479548newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\479548newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\479555newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\479555newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\482195newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\482195newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\48333newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\48333newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\484774newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\484774newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\487584newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\487584newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\494016newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\494016newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\495765newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\495765newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\497452newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\497452newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\509860newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\509860newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\514348newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\514348newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\523301newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\523301newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\539267newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\539267newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\547053newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\547053newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\547116newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\547116newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\550571newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\550571newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\551224newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\551224newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\553674newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\553674newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\563163newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\563163newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\566304newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\566304newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\566978newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\566978newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\582835newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\582835newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\585032newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\585032newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\586642newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\586642newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\594966newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\594966newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\599059newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\599059newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\600430newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\600430newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\605579newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\605579newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\613934newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\613934newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\616816newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\616816newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\617809newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\617809newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\629071newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\629071newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\631746newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\631746newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\317690newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\317690newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\318846newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\318846newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\328823newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\328823newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\330838newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\330838newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\333634newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\333634newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\33692newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\33692newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\357910newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\357910newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\373188newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\373188newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\374379newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\374379newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\376599newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\376599newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\392661newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\392661newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\39437newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\39437newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\398046newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\398046newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\409512newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\409512newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\417863newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\417863newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\424095newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\424095newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\429028newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\429028newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\431299newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\431299newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\432444newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\432444newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\434351newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\434351newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\437596newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\437596newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\437625newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\437625newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\43927newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\43927newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\445921newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\445921newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\449017newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\449017newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\450789newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\450789newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\457404newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\457404newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\463536newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\463536newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\480032newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\480032newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\481676newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\481676newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\482988newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\482988newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\502726newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\502726newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\503492newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\503492newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\503493newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\503493newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\503783newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\503783newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\506467newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\506467newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5163newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5163newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\518462newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\518462newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5229newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5229newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\523317newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\523317newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\532287newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\532287newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\532788newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\532788newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\536837newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\536837newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\537137newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\537137newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\537165newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\537165newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\54325newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\54325newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\54326newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\54326newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\544003newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\544003newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\54813newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\54813newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\549215newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\549215newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\437679newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\437679newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\454759newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\454759newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\458317newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\458317newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\462381newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\462381newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\46285newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\46285newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\469241newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\469241newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\473630newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\473630newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\502600newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\502600newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\505328newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\505328newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\515261newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\515261newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\517277newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\517277newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\527929newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\527929newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\531965newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\531965newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\537743newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\537743newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\558552newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\558552newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\558570newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\558570newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\566105newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\566105newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\570947newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\570947newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\574749newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\574749newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\577821newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\577821newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\582477newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\582477newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\584765newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\584765newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\586284newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\586284newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\600643newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\600643newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\600690newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\600690newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\603918newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\603918newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\612893newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\612893newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\612908newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\612908newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\613786newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\613786newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\618625newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\618625newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\622023newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\622023newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\632242newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\632242newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\635465newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\635465newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\638538newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\638538newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\639874newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\639874newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\644523newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\644523newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\655009newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\655009newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\662306newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\662306newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\663384newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\663384newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\663431newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\663431newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\668406newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\668406newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\670029newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\670029newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\677538newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\677538newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\678323newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\678323newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\678904newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\678904newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\680112newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\680112newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\681766newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\681766newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\684772newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\684772newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\687824newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\687824newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\687921newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\687921newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\348602newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\348602newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\348803newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\348803newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\348868newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\348868newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\349276newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\349276newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\349280newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\349280newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\349288newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\349288newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\349325newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\349325newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\351123newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\351123newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\351175newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\351175newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\362017newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\362017newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\366880newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\366880newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\366882newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\366882newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\373999newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\373999newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\375417newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\375417newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\377104newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\377104newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\377108newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\377108newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\377296newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\377296newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\377317newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\377317newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\378326newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\378326newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\381286newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\381286newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\382189newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\382189newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\384663newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\384663newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\386164newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\386164newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\387913newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\387913newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\387941newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\387941newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\389408newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\389408newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\389615newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\389615newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\392165newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\392165newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\392364newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\392364newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\392527newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\392527newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\395522newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\395522newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\395717newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\395717newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\395812newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\395812newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\395815newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\395815newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\396736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\396736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\397865newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\397865newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\399037newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\399037newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\399338newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\399338newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\402495newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\402495newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\404273newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\404273newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\412900newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\412900newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\412945newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\412945newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\416275newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\416275newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\417664newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\417664newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\423919newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\423919newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\425269newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\425269newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\426527newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\426527newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\433270newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\433270newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\434648newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\434648newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\434836newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\434836newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\480957newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\480957newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\485513newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\485513newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\488153newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\488153newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\490233newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\490233newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\493177newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\493177newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\493188newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\493188newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\496100newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\496100newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\496143newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\496143newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\510928newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\510928newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\514480newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\514480newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\516664newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\516664newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\519956newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\519956newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\524096newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\524096newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\534898newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\534898newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\552126newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\552126newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\553261newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\553261newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\562272newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\562272newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\563766newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\563766newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\565499newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\565499newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\567184newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\567184newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\567293newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\567293newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\567680newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\567680newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\572910newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\572910newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\578465newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\578465newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\580082newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\580082newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\580087newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\580087newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\581808newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\581808newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\583527newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\583527newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\585649newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\585649newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\585685newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\585685newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\589488newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\589488newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\598856newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\598856newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\600532newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\600532newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\600570newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\600570newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\604722newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\604722newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\608563newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\608563newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\624144newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\624144newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\625951newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\625951newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\626000newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\626000newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\626136newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\626136newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\627635newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\627635newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\631455newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\631455newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\633059newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\633059newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\634641newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\634641newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\642555newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\642555newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\643780newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\643780newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\650856newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\650856newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\655704newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\655704newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\658808newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\658808newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\662139newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\662139newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\473707newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\473707newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\476772newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\476772newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\484377newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\484377newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\487502newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\487502newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\49318newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\49318newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\496725newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\496725newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\498337newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\498337newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\499679newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\499679newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\504770newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\504770newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\506542newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\506542newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\506578newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\506578newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\509569newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\509569newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\513283newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\513283newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\522699newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\522699newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\523157newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\523157newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\523173newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\523173newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\524551newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\524551newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\524684newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\524684newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\539052newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\539052newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\546794newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\546794newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\555954newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\555954newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\557545newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\557545newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\562869newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\562869newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\569377newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\569377newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\572192newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\572192newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\572206newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\572206newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\574175newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\574175newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\582429newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\582429newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\586394newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\586394newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\590040newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\590040newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\594800newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\594800newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\597804newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\597804newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\599823newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\599823newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\603285newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\603285newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\607397newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\607397newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\636841newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\636841newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\64155newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\64155newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\642107newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\642107newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\643070newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\643070newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\645248newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\645248newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\645250newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\645250newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\649805newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\649805newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\656275newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\656275newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\659257newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\659257newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\663392newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\663392newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\666776newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\666776newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\670175newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\670175newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\672807newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\672807newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\674832newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\674832newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\678902newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\678902newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\310688newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\310688newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\311947newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\311947newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\312549newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\312549newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\313085newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\313085newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\313988newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\313988newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\314998newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\314998newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\315075newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\315075newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\315693newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\315693newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\321567newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\321567newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\322124newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\322124newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\322766newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\322766newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\324705newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\324705newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\324934newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\324934newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\325405newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\325405newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\330770newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\330770newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\330792newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\330792newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\331518newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\331518newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\331605newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\331605newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\333627newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\333627newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\338472newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\338472newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\339740newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\339740newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\344052newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\344052newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\345592newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\345592newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\346089newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\346089newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\34985newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\34985newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\363301newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\363301newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\367046newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\367046newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\384880newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\384880newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39594newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39594newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39979newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39979newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\401255newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\401255newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\404379newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\404379newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\40529newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\40529newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\405715newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\405715newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\411582newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\411582newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\413657newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\413657newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\413744newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\413744newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42862newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42862newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\429426newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\429426newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42990newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42990newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\430880newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\430880newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\433408newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\433408newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\437582newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\437582newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\453075newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\453075newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\457369newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\457369newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\459349newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\459349newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\472398newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\472398newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\482069newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\482069newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\484505newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\484505newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\485194newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\485194newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\244215newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\244215newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\247062newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\247062newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\24919newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\24919newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\250585newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\250585newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\253041newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\253041newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\253128newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\253128newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\258162newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\258162newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\259532newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\259532newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\262620newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\262620newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\262644newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\262644newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\267753newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\267753newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\267997newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\267997newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\292123newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\292123newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\306551newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\306551newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\307168newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\307168newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\309610newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\309610newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\31031newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\31031newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\31143newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\31143newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\315548newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\315548newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\318218newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\318218newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\325763newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\325763newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\325855newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\325855newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\326348newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\326348newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\34067newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\34067newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\345001newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\345001newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\361229newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\361229newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\364018newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\364018newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\364077newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\364077newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\367648newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\367648newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\368884newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\368884newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\370324newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\370324newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\370357newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\370357newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\394805newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\394805newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\394806newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\394806newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\406917newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\406917newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\408132newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\408132newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\408804newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\408804newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\417103newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\417103newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\420491newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\420491newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\420497newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\420497newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\421639newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\421639newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\422052newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\422052newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\422134newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\422134newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\424443newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\424443newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\424512newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\424512newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\425010newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\425010newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\427280newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\427280newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\438886newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\438886newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\438888newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\438888newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\440541newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\440541newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\293778newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\293778newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\296119newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\296119newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\296173newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\296173newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\29731newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\29731newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\298327newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\298327newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\299226newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\299226newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\300047newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\300047newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\300106newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\300106newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\301801newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\301801newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\303104newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\303104newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\303895newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\303895newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\312018newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\312018newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\321715newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\321715newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\32240newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\32240newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\33766newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\33766newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\337708newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\337708newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\337982newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\337982newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\338295newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\338295newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\340822newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\340822newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\341931newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\341931newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\341941newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\341941newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\344135newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\344135newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\344592newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\344592newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\349377newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\349377newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\349982newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\349982newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\350000newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\350000newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\35062newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\35062newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\351289newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\351289newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\357129newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\357129newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\357718newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\357718newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\360273newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\360273newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\360422newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\360422newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\361152newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\361152newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\363383newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\363383newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\364288newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\364288newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\364315newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\364315newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\365352newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\365352newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\366961newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\366961newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\369634newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\369634newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\37440newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\37440newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\376602newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\376602newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\378386newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\378386newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\378463newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\378463newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\378665newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\378665newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\378702newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\378702newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\380811newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\380811newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\380932newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\380932newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\380937newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\380937newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\381366newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\381366newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\382280newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\382280newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\305704newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\305704newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\316238newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\316238newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\320093newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\320093newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\323030newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\323030newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\323194newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\323194newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\326930newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\326930newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\345482newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\345482newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\352827newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\352827newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\391142newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\391142newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\395504newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\395504newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\395790newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\395790newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\396207newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\396207newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\396728newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\396728newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\401033newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\401033newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\402543newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\402543newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\405326newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\405326newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\412098newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\412098newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\416243newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\416243newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\417666newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\417666newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\425219newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\425219newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\426551newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\426551newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\429173newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\429173newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\430302newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\430302newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\436341newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\436341newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\444197newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\444197newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\444464newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\444464newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\451527newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\451527newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\456140newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\456140newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\460924newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\460924newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\462143newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\462143newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\462169newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\462169newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\46254newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\46254newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\463380newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\463380newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\464888newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\464888newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\466101newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\466101newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\467718newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\467718newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\467962newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\467962newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\473642newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\473642newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\475305newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\475305newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\475505newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\475505newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\476736newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\476736newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\480381newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\480381newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\489283newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\489283newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\491019newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\491019newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\49404newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\49404newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\504283newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\504283newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\504526newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\504526newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\51502newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\51502newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\522090newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\522090newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\58312newsML-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/human/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\58312newsML-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/MureDickie\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/NickLouth\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/PierreTran\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/gpt/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AaronPressman\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlanCrosby\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/AlexanderSmith\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BenjaminKangLim\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BernardHickey\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/BradDorfman\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DarrenSchuettler\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/DavidLawder\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EdnaFernandes\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/EricAuchard\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/FumikoFujisaki\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/GrahamEarnshaw\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/HeatherScoffield\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JanLopatka\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JaneMacartney\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JimGilchrist\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoWinterbottom\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JoeOrtiz\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JohnMastrini\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/JonathanBirt\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KarlPenhaul\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KeithWeir\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinDrawbaugh\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KevinMorrison\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KirstinRidley\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/KouroshKarimkhany\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LydiaZajc\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynneO'Donnell\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/LynnleyBrowning\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarcelMichelson\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MarkBendeich\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MartinWolk\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MatthewBunce\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MichaelConnor\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/MureDickie\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/NickLouth\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PatriciaCommins\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PeterHumphrey\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/PierreTran\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RobinSidel\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/RogerFillion\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SamuelPerry\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SarahDavison\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ScottHillis\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/SimonCowell\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TanEeLyn\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TheresePoletti\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/TimFarrand\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/ToddNissen\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  reuter/data/claude/test/WilliamKazer\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\100-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\100-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1000-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1000-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1001-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1001-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1002-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1002-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1003-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1003-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1004-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1004-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1005-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1005-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1006-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1006-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1007-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1007-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1008-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1008-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1009-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1009-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\101-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\101-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1010-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1010-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1011-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1011-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1012-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1012-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1013-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1013-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1014-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1014-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1015-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1015-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1016-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1016-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1017-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1017-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1018-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1018-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1019-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1019-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\102-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\102-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1020-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1020-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1021-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1021-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1022-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1022-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1023-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1023-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1024-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1024-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1025-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1025-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1026-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1026-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1027-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1027-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1028-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1028-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1029-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1029-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\103-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\103-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1030-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1030-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1031-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1031-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1032-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1032-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1033-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1033-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1034-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1034-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1035-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1035-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1036-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1036-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1037-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1037-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1038-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1038-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1039-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1039-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\104-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\104-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1040-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1040-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1041-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1041-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1042-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1042-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1043-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1043-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1044-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1044-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1045-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1045-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1046-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1046-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1047-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1047-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1048-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1048-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1049-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1049-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\105-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\105-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1050-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1050-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1051-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1051-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1052-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1052-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1053-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1053-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1054-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1054-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1055-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1055-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1056-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1056-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1057-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1057-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1058-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1058-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1059-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1059-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\106-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\106-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1060-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1060-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1061-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1061-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1062-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1062-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1063-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1063-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1064-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1064-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1065-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1065-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1066-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1066-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1067-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1067-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1068-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1068-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1069-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1069-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\107-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\107-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1070-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1070-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1071-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1071-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1072-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1072-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1073-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1073-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1074-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1074-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1075-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1075-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1076-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1076-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1077-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1077-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1078-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1078-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1079-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1079-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\108-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\108-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1080-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1080-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1081-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1081-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1082-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1082-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1083-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1083-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1084-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1084-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1085-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1085-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1086-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1086-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1087-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1087-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1088-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1088-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1089-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1089-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\109-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\109-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1090-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1090-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1091-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1091-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1092-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1092-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1093-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1093-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1094-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1094-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1095-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1095-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1096-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1096-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1097-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1097-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1098-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1098-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1099-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1099-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\110-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\110-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1100-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1100-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1101-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1101-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1102-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1102-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1103-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1103-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1104-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1104-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1105-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1105-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1106-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1106-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1107-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1107-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1108-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1108-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1109-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1109-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\111-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\111-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1110-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1110-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1111-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1111-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1112-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1112-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1113-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1113-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1114-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1114-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1115-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1115-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1116-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1116-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1117-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1117-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1118-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1118-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1119-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1119-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\112-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\112-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1120-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1120-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1121-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1121-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1122-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1122-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1123-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1123-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1124-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1124-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1125-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1125-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1126-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1126-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1127-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1127-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1128-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1128-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1129-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1129-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\113-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\113-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1130-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1130-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1131-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1131-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1132-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1132-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1133-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1133-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1134-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1134-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1135-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1135-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1136-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1136-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1137-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1137-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1138-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1138-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1139-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1139-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\114-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\114-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1140-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1140-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1141-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1141-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1142-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1142-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1143-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1143-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1144-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1144-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1145-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1145-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1146-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1146-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1147-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1147-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1148-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1148-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1149-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1149-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\115-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\115-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1150-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1150-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1151-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1151-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1152-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1152-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1153-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1153-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1154-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1154-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1155-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1155-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1156-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1156-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1157-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1157-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1158-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1158-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1159-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1159-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\116-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\116-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1160-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1160-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1161-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1161-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1162-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1162-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1163-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1163-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1164-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1164-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1165-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1165-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1166-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1166-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1167-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1167-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1168-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1168-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1169-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1169-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\117-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\117-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1170-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1170-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1171-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1171-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1172-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1172-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1173-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1173-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1174-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1174-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1175-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1175-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1176-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1176-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1177-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1177-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1178-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1178-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1179-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1179-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\118-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\118-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1180-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1180-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1181-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1181-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1182-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1182-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1183-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1183-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1184-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1184-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1185-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1185-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1186-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1186-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1187-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1187-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1188-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1188-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1189-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1189-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\119-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\119-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1190-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1190-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1191-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1191-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1192-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1192-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1193-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1193-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1194-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1194-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1195-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1195-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1196-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1196-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1197-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1197-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1198-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1198-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1199-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1199-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\120-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\120-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1200-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1200-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1201-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1201-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1202-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1202-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1203-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1203-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1204-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1204-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1205-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1205-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1206-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1206-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1207-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1207-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1208-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1208-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1209-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1209-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\121-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\121-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1210-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1210-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1211-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1211-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1212-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1212-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1213-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1213-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1214-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1214-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1215-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1215-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1216-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1216-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1217-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1217-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1218-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1218-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1219-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1219-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\122-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\122-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1220-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1220-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1221-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1221-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1222-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1222-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1223-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1223-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1224-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1224-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1225-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1225-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1226-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1226-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1227-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1227-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1228-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1228-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1229-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1229-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\123-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\123-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1230-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1230-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1231-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1231-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1232-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1232-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1233-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1233-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1234-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1234-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1235-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1235-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1236-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1236-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1237-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1237-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1238-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1238-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1239-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1239-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\124-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\124-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1240-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1240-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1241-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1241-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1242-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1242-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1243-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1243-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1244-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1244-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1245-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1245-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1246-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1246-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1247-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1247-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1248-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1248-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1249-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1249-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\125-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\125-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1250-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1250-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1251-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1251-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1252-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1252-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1253-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1253-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1254-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1254-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1255-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1255-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1256-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1256-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1257-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1257-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1258-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1258-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1259-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1259-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\126-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\126-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1260-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1260-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1261-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1261-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1262-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1262-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1263-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1263-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1264-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1264-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1265-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1265-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1266-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1266-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1267-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1267-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1268-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1268-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1269-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1269-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\127-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\127-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1270-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1270-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1271-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1271-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1272-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1272-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1273-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1273-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1274-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1274-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1275-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1275-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1276-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1276-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1277-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1277-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1278-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1278-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1279-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1279-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\128-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\128-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1280-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1280-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1281-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1281-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1282-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1282-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1283-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1283-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1284-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1284-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1285-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1285-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1286-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1286-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1287-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1287-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1288-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1288-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1289-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1289-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\129-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\129-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1290-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1290-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1291-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1291-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1292-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1292-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1293-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1293-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1294-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1294-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1295-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1295-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1296-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1296-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1297-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1297-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1298-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1298-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1299-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1299-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\130-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\130-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1300-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1300-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1301-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1301-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1302-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1302-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1303-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1303-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1304-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1304-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1305-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1305-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1306-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1306-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1307-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1307-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1308-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1308-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1309-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1309-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\131-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\131-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1310-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1310-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1311-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1311-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1312-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1312-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1313-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1313-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1314-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1314-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1315-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1315-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1316-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1316-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1317-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1317-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1318-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1318-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1319-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1319-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\132-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\132-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1320-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1320-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1321-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1321-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1322-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1322-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1323-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1323-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1324-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1324-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1325-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1325-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1326-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1326-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1327-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1327-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1328-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1328-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1329-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1329-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\133-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\133-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1330-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1330-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1331-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1331-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1332-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1332-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1333-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1333-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1334-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1334-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1335-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1335-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1336-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1336-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1337-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1337-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1338-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1338-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1339-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1339-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\134-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\134-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1340-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1340-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1341-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1341-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1342-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1342-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1343-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1343-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1344-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1344-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1345-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1345-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1346-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1346-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1347-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1347-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1348-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1348-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1349-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1349-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\135-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\135-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1350-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1350-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1351-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1351-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1352-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1352-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1353-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1353-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1354-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1354-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1355-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1355-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1356-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1356-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1357-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1357-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1358-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1358-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1359-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1359-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\136-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\136-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1360-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1360-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1361-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1361-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1362-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1362-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1363-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1363-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1364-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1364-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1365-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1365-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1366-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1366-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1367-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1367-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1368-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1368-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1369-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1369-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\137-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\137-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1370-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1370-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1371-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1371-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1372-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1372-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1373-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1373-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1374-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1374-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1375-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1375-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1376-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1376-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1377-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1377-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1378-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1378-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1379-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1379-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\138-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\138-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1380-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1380-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1381-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1381-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1382-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1382-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1383-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1383-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1384-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1384-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1385-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1385-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1386-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1386-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1387-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1387-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1388-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1388-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1389-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1389-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\139-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\139-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1390-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1390-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1391-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1391-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1392-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1392-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1393-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1393-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1394-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1394-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1395-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1395-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1396-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1396-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1397-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1397-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1398-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1398-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1399-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1399-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\140-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\140-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1400-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1400-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1401-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1401-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1402-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1402-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1403-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1403-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1404-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1404-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1405-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1405-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1406-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1406-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1407-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1407-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1408-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1408-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1409-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1409-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\141-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\141-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1410-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1410-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1411-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1411-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1412-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1412-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1413-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1413-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1414-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1414-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1415-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1415-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1416-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1416-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1417-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1417-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1418-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1418-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1419-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1419-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\142-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\142-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1420-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1420-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1421-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1421-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1422-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1422-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1423-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1423-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1424-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1424-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1425-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1425-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1426-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1426-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1427-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1427-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1428-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1428-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1429-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1429-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\143-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\143-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1430-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1430-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1431-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1431-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1432-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1432-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1433-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1433-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1434-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1434-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1435-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1435-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1436-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1436-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1437-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1437-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1438-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1438-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1439-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1439-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\144-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\144-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1440-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1440-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1441-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1441-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1442-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1442-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1443-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\1443-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\145-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\145-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\146-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\146-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\147-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\147-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\148-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\148-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\149-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\149-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\150-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\150-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\151-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\151-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\152-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\152-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\153-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\153-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\154-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\154-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\155-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\155-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\156-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\156-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\157-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\157-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\158-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\158-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\159-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\159-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\160-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\160-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\161-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\161-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\162-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\162-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\163-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\163-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\164-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\164-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\165-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\165-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\166-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\166-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\167-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\167-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\168-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\168-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\169-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\169-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\170-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\170-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\171-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\171-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\172-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\172-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\173-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\173-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\174-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\174-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\175-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\175-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\176-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\176-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\177-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\177-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\178-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\178-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\179-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\179-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\180-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\180-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\181-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\181-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\182-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\182-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\183-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\183-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\184-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\184-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\185-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\185-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\186-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\186-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\187-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\187-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\188-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\188-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\189-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\189-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\190-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\190-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\191-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\191-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\192-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\192-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\193-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\193-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\194-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\194-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\195-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\195-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\196-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\196-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\197-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\197-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\198-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\198-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\199-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\199-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\200-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\200-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\201-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\201-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\202-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\202-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\203-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\203-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\204-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\204-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\205-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\205-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\206-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\206-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\207-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\207-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\208-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\208-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\209-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\209-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\210-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\210-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\211-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\211-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\212-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\212-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\213-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\213-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\214-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\214-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\215-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\215-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\216-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\216-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\217-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\217-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\218-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\218-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\219-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\219-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\220-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\220-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\221-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\221-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\222-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\222-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\223-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\223-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\224-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\224-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\225-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\225-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\226-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\226-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\227-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\227-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\228-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\228-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\229-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\229-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\230-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\230-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\231-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\231-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\232-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\232-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\233-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\233-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\234-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\234-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\235-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\235-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\236-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\236-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\237-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\237-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\238-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\238-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\239-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\239-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\240-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\240-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\241-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\241-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\242-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\242-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\243-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\243-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\244-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\244-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\245-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\245-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\246-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\246-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\247-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\247-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\248-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\248-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\249-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\249-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\250-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\250-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\251-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\251-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\252-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\252-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\253-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\253-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\254-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\254-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\255-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\255-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\256-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\256-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\257-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\257-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\258-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\258-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\259-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\259-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\260-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\260-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\261-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\261-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\262-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\262-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\263-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\263-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\264-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\264-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\265-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\265-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\266-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\266-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\267-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\267-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\268-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\268-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\269-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\269-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\270-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\270-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\271-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\271-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\272-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\272-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\273-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\273-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\274-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\274-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\275-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\275-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\276-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\276-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\277-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\277-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\278-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\278-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\279-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\279-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\280-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\280-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\281-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\281-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\282-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\282-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\283-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\283-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\284-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\284-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\285-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\285-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\286-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\286-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\287-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\287-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\288-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\288-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\289-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\289-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\290-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\290-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\291-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\291-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\292-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\292-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\293-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\293-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\294-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\294-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\295-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\295-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\296-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\296-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\297-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\297-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\298-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\298-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\299-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\299-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\300-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\300-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\301-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\301-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\302-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\302-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\303-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\303-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\304-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\304-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\305-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\305-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\306-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\306-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\307-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\307-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\308-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\308-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\309-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\309-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\310-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\310-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\311-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\311-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\312-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\312-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\313-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\313-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\314-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\314-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\315-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\315-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\316-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\316-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\317-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\317-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\318-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\318-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\319-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\319-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\320-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\320-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\321-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\321-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\322-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\322-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\323-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\323-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\324-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\324-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\325-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\325-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\326-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\326-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\327-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\327-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\328-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\328-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\329-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\329-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\330-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\330-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\331-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\331-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\332-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\332-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\333-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\333-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\334-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\334-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\335-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\335-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\336-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\336-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\337-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\337-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\338-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\338-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\339-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\339-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\340-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\340-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\341-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\341-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\342-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\342-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\343-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\343-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\344-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\344-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\345-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\345-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\346-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\346-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\347-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\347-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\348-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\348-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\349-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\349-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\350-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\350-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\351-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\351-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\352-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\352-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\353-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\353-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\354-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\354-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\355-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\355-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\356-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\356-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\357-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\357-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\358-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\358-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\359-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\359-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\360-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\360-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\361-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\361-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\362-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\362-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\363-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\363-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\364-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\364-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\365-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\365-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\366-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\366-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\367-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\367-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\368-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\368-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\369-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\369-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\370-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\370-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\371-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\371-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\372-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\372-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\373-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\373-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\374-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\374-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\375-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\375-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\376-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\376-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\377-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\377-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\378-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\378-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\379-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\379-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\380-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\380-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\381-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\381-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\382-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\382-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\383-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\383-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\384-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\384-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\385-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\385-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\386-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\386-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\387-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\387-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\388-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\388-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\389-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\389-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\390-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\390-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\391-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\391-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\392-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\392-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\393-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\393-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\394-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\394-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\395-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\395-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\396-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\396-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\397-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\397-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\398-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\398-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\399-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\399-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\400-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\400-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\401-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\401-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\402-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\402-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\403-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\403-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\404-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\404-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\405-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\405-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\406-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\406-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\407-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\407-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\408-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\408-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\409-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\409-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\410-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\410-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\411-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\411-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\412-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\412-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\413-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\413-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\414-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\414-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\415-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\415-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\416-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\416-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\417-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\417-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\418-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\418-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\419-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\419-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\420-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\420-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\421-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\421-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\422-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\422-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\423-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\423-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\424-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\424-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\425-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\425-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\426-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\426-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\427-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\427-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\428-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\428-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\429-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\429-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\430-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\430-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\431-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\431-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\432-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\432-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\433-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\433-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\434-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\434-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\435-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\435-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\436-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\436-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\437-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\437-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\438-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\438-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\439-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\439-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\440-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\440-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\441-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\441-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\442-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\442-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\443-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\443-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\444-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\444-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\445-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\445-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\446-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\446-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\447-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\447-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\448-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\448-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\449-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\449-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\450-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\450-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\451-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\451-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\452-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\452-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\453-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\453-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\454-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\454-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\455-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\455-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\456-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\456-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\457-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\457-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\458-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\458-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\459-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\459-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\460-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\460-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\461-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\461-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\462-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\462-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\463-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\463-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\464-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\464-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\465-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\465-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\466-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\466-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\467-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\467-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\468-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\468-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\469-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\469-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\470-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\470-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\471-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\471-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\472-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\472-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\473-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\473-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\474-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\474-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\475-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\475-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\476-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\476-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\477-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\477-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\478-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\478-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\479-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\479-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\480-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\480-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\481-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\481-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\482-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\482-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\483-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\483-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\484-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\484-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\485-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\485-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\486-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\486-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\487-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\487-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\488-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\488-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\489-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\489-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\490-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\490-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\491-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\491-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\492-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\492-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\493-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\493-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\494-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\494-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\495-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\495-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\496-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\496-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\497-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\497-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\498-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\498-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\499-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\499-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\50-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\50-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\500-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\500-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\501-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\501-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\502-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\502-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\503-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\503-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\504-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\504-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\505-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\505-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\506-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\506-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\507-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\507-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\508-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\508-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\509-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\509-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\51-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\51-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\510-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\510-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\511-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\511-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\512-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\512-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\513-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\513-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\514-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\514-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\515-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\515-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\516-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\516-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\517-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\517-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\518-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\518-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\519-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\519-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\52-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\52-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\520-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\520-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\521-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\521-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\522-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\522-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\523-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\523-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\524-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\524-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\525-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\525-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\526-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\526-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\527-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\527-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\528-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\528-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\529-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\529-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\53-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\53-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\530-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\530-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\531-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\531-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\532-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\532-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\533-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\533-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\534-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\534-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\535-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\535-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\536-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\536-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\537-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\537-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\538-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\538-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\539-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\539-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\54-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\54-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\540-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\540-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\541-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\541-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\542-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\542-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\543-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\543-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\544-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\544-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\545-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\545-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\546-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\546-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\547-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\547-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\548-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\548-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\549-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\549-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\55-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\55-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\550-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\550-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\551-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\551-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\552-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\552-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\553-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\553-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\554-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\554-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\555-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\555-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\556-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\556-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\557-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\557-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\558-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\558-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\559-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\559-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\56-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\56-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\560-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\560-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\561-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\561-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\562-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\562-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\563-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\563-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\564-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\564-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\565-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\565-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\566-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\566-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\567-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\567-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\568-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\568-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\569-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\569-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\57-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\57-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\570-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\570-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\571-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\571-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\572-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\572-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\573-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\573-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\574-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\574-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\575-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\575-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\576-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\576-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\577-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\577-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\578-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\578-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\579-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\579-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\58-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\58-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\580-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\580-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\581-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\581-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\582-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\582-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\583-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\583-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\584-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\584-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\585-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\585-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\586-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\586-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\587-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\587-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\588-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\588-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\589-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\589-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\59-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\59-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\590-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\590-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\591-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\591-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\592-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\592-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\593-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\593-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\594-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\594-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\595-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\595-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\596-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\596-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\597-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\597-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\598-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\598-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\599-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\599-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\60-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\60-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\600-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\600-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\601-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\601-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\602-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\602-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\603-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\603-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\604-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\604-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\605-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\605-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\606-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\606-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\607-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\607-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\608-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\608-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\609-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\609-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\61-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\61-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\610-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\610-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\611-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\611-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\612-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\612-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\613-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\613-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\614-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\614-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\615-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\615-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\616-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\616-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\617-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\617-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\618-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\618-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\619-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\619-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\62-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\62-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\620-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\620-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\621-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\621-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\622-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\622-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\623-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\623-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\624-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\624-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\625-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\625-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\626-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\626-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\627-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\627-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\628-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\628-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\629-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\629-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\63-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\63-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\630-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\630-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\631-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\631-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\632-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\632-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\633-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\633-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\634-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\634-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\635-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\635-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\636-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\636-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\637-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\637-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\638-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\638-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\639-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\639-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\64-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\64-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\640-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\640-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\641-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\641-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\642-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\642-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\643-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\643-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\644-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\644-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\645-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\645-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\646-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\646-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\647-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\647-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\648-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\648-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\649-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\649-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\65-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\65-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\650-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\650-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\651-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\651-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\652-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\652-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\653-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\653-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\654-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\654-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\655-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\655-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\656-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\656-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\657-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\657-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\658-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\658-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\659-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\659-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\66-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\66-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\660-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\660-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\661-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\661-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\662-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\662-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\663-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\663-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\664-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\664-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\665-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\665-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\666-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\666-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\667-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\667-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\668-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\668-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\669-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\669-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\67-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\67-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\670-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\670-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\671-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\671-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\672-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\672-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\673-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\673-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\674-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\674-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\675-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\675-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\676-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\676-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\677-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\677-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\678-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\678-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\679-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\679-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\68-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\68-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\680-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\680-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\681-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\681-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\682-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\682-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\683-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\683-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\684-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\684-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\685-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\685-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\686-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\686-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\687-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\687-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\688-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\688-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\689-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\689-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\69-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\69-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\690-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\690-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\691-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\691-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\692-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\692-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\693-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\693-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\694-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\694-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\695-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\695-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\696-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\696-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\697-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\697-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\698-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\698-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\699-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\699-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\70-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\70-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\700-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\700-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\701-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\701-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\702-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\702-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\703-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\703-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\704-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\704-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\705-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\705-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\706-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\706-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\707-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\707-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\708-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\708-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\709-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\709-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\71-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\71-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\710-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\710-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\711-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\711-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\712-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\712-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\713-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\713-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\714-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\714-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\715-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\715-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\716-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\716-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\717-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\717-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\718-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\718-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\719-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\719-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\72-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\72-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\720-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\720-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\721-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\721-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\722-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\722-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\723-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\723-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\724-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\724-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\725-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\725-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\726-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\726-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\727-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\727-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\728-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\728-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\729-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\729-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\73-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\73-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\730-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\730-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\731-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\731-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\732-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\732-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\733-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\733-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\734-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\734-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\735-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\735-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\736-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\736-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\737-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\737-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\738-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\738-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\739-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\739-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\74-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\74-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\740-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\740-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\741-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\741-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\742-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\742-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\743-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\743-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\744-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\744-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\745-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\745-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\746-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\746-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\747-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\747-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\748-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\748-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\749-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\749-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\75-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\75-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\750-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\750-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\751-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\751-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\752-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\752-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\753-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\753-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\754-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\754-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\755-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\755-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\756-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\756-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\757-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\757-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\758-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\758-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\759-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\759-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\76-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\76-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\760-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\760-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\761-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\761-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\762-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\762-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\763-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\763-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\764-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\764-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\765-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\765-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\766-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\766-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\767-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\767-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\768-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\768-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\769-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\769-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\77-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\77-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\770-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\770-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\771-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\771-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\772-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\772-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\773-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\773-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\774-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\774-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\775-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\775-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\776-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\776-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\777-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\777-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\778-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\778-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\779-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\779-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\78-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\78-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\780-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\780-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\781-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\781-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\782-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\782-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\783-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\783-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\784-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\784-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\785-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\785-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\786-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\786-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\787-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\787-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\788-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\788-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\789-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\789-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\79-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\79-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\790-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\790-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\791-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\791-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\792-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\792-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\793-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\793-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\794-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\794-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\795-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\795-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\796-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\796-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\797-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\797-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\798-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\798-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\799-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\799-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\80-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\80-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\800-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\800-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\801-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\801-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\802-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\802-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\803-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\803-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\804-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\804-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\805-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\805-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\806-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\806-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\807-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\807-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\808-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\808-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\809-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\809-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\81-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\81-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\810-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\810-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\811-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\811-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\812-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\812-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\813-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\813-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\814-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\814-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\815-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\815-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\816-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\816-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\817-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\817-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\818-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\818-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\819-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\819-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\82-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\82-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\820-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\820-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\821-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\821-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\822-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\822-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\823-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\823-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\824-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\824-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\825-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\825-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\826-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\826-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\827-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\827-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\828-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\828-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\829-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\829-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\83-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\83-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\830-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\830-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\831-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\831-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\832-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\832-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\833-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\833-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\834-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\834-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\835-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\835-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\836-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\836-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\837-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\837-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\838-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\838-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\839-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\839-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\84-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\84-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\840-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\840-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\841-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\841-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\842-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\842-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\843-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\843-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\844-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\844-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\845-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\845-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\846-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\846-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\847-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\847-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\848-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\848-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\849-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\849-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\85-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\85-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\850-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\850-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\851-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\851-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\852-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\852-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\853-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\853-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\854-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\854-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\855-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\855-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\856-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\856-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\857-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\857-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\858-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\858-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\859-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\859-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\86-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\86-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\860-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\860-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\861-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\861-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\862-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\862-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\863-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\863-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\864-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\864-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\865-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\865-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\866-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\866-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\867-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\867-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\868-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\868-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\869-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\869-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\87-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\87-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\870-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\870-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\871-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\871-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\872-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\872-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\873-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\873-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\874-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\874-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\875-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\875-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\876-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\876-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\877-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\877-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\878-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\878-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\879-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\879-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\88-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\88-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\880-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\880-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\881-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\881-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\882-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\882-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\883-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\883-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\884-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\884-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\885-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\885-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\886-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\886-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\887-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\887-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\888-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\888-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\889-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\889-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\89-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\89-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\890-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\890-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\891-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\891-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\892-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\892-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\893-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\893-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\894-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\894-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\895-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\895-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\896-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\896-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\897-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\897-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\898-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\898-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\899-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\899-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\90-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\90-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\900-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\900-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\901-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\901-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\902-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\902-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\903-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\903-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\904-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\904-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\905-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\905-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\906-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\906-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\907-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\907-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\908-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\908-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\909-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\909-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\91-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\91-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\910-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\910-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\911-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\911-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\912-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\912-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\913-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\913-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\914-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\914-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\915-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\915-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\916-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\916-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\917-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\917-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\918-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\918-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\919-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\919-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\92-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\92-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\920-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\920-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\921-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\921-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\922-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\922-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\923-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\923-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\924-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\924-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\925-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\925-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\926-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\926-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\927-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\927-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\928-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\928-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\929-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\929-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\93-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\93-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\930-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\930-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\931-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\931-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\932-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\932-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\933-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\933-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\934-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\934-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\935-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\935-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\936-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\936-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\937-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\937-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\938-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\938-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\939-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\939-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\94-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\94-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\940-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\940-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\941-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\941-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\942-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\942-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\943-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\943-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\944-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\944-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\945-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\945-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\946-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\946-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\947-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\947-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\948-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\948-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\949-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\949-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\95-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\95-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\950-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\950-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\951-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\951-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\952-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\952-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\953-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\953-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\954-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\954-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\955-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\955-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\956-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\956-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\957-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\957-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\958-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\958-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\959-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\959-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\96-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\96-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\960-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\960-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\961-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\961-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\962-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\962-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\963-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\963-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\964-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\964-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\965-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\965-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\966-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\966-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\967-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\967-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\968-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\968-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\969-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\969-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\97-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\97-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\970-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\970-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\971-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\971-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\972-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\972-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\973-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\973-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\974-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\974-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\975-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\975-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\976-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\976-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\977-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\977-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\978-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\978-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\979-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\979-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\98-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\98-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\980-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\980-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\981-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\981-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\982-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\982-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\983-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\983-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\984-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\984-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\985-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\985-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\986-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\986-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\987-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\987-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\988-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\988-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\989-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\989-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\99-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\99-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\990-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\990-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\991-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\991-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\992-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\992-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\993-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\993-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\994-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\994-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\995-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\995-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\996-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\996-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\997-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\997-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\998-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\998-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\999-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/human\logprobs\999-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\100-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\100-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1000-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1000-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1001-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1001-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1002-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1002-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1003-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1003-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1004-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1004-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1005-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1005-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1006-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1006-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1007-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1007-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1008-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1008-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1009-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1009-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\101-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\101-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1010-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1010-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1011-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1011-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1012-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1012-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1013-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1013-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1014-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1014-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1015-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1015-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1016-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1016-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1017-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1017-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1018-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1018-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1019-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1019-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\102-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\102-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1020-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1020-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1021-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1021-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1022-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1022-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1023-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1023-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1024-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1024-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1025-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1025-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1026-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1026-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1027-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1027-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1028-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1028-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1029-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1029-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\103-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\103-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1030-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1030-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1031-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1031-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1032-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1032-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1033-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1033-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1034-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1034-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1035-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1035-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1036-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1036-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1037-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1037-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1038-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1038-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1039-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1039-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\104-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\104-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1040-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1040-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1041-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1041-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1042-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1042-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1043-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1043-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1044-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1044-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1045-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1045-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1046-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1046-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1047-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1047-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1048-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1048-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1049-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1049-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\105-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\105-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1050-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1050-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1051-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1051-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1052-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1052-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1053-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1053-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1054-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1054-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1055-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1055-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1056-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1056-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1057-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1057-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1058-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1058-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1059-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1059-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\106-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\106-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1060-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1060-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1061-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1061-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1062-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1062-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1063-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1063-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1064-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1064-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1065-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1065-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1066-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1066-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1067-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1067-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1068-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1068-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1069-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1069-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\107-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\107-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1070-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1070-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1071-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1071-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1072-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1072-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1073-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1073-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1074-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1074-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1075-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1075-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1076-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1076-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1077-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1077-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1078-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1078-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1079-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1079-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\108-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\108-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1080-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1080-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1081-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1081-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1082-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1082-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1083-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1083-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1084-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1084-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1085-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1085-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1086-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1086-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1087-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1087-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1088-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1088-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1089-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1089-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\109-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\109-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1090-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1090-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1091-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1091-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1092-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1092-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1093-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1093-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1094-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1094-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1095-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1095-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1096-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1096-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1097-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1097-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1098-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1098-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1099-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1099-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\110-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\110-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1100-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1100-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1101-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1101-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1102-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1102-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1103-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1103-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1104-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1104-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1105-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1105-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1106-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1106-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1107-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1107-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1108-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1108-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1109-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1109-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\111-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\111-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1110-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1110-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1111-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1111-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1112-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1112-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1113-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1113-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1114-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1114-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1115-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1115-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1116-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1116-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1117-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1117-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1118-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1118-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1119-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1119-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\112-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\112-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1120-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1120-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1121-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1121-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1122-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1122-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1123-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1123-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1124-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1124-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1125-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1125-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1126-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1126-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1127-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1127-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1128-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1128-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1129-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1129-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\113-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\113-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1130-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1130-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1131-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1131-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1132-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1132-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1133-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1133-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1134-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1134-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1135-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1135-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1136-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1136-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1137-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1137-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1138-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1138-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1139-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1139-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\114-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\114-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1140-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1140-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1141-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1141-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1142-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1142-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1143-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1143-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1144-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1144-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1145-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1145-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1146-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1146-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1147-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1147-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1148-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1148-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1149-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1149-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\115-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\115-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1150-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1150-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1151-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1151-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1152-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1152-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1153-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1153-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1154-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1154-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1155-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1155-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1156-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1156-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1157-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1157-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1158-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1158-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1159-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1159-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\116-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\116-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1160-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1160-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1161-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1161-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1162-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1162-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1163-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1163-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1164-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1164-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1165-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1165-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1166-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1166-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1167-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1167-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1168-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1168-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1169-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1169-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\117-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\117-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1170-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1170-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1171-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1171-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1172-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1172-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1173-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1173-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1174-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1174-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1175-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1175-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1176-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1176-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1177-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1177-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1178-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1178-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1179-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1179-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\118-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\118-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1180-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1180-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1181-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1181-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1182-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1182-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1183-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1183-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1184-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1184-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1185-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1185-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1186-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1186-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1187-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1187-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1188-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1188-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1189-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1189-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\119-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\119-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1190-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1190-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1191-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1191-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1192-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1192-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1193-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1193-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1194-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1194-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1195-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1195-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1196-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1196-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1197-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1197-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1198-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1198-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1199-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1199-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\120-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\120-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1200-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1200-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1201-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1201-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1202-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1202-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1203-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1203-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1204-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1204-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1205-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1205-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1206-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1206-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1207-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1207-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1208-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1208-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1209-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1209-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\121-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\121-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1210-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1210-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1211-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1211-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1212-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1212-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1213-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1213-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1214-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1214-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1215-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1215-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1216-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1216-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1217-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1217-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1218-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1218-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1219-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1219-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\122-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\122-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1220-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1220-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1221-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1221-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1222-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1222-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1223-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1223-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1224-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1224-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1225-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1225-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1226-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1226-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1227-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1227-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1228-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1228-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1229-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1229-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\123-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\123-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1230-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1230-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1231-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1231-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1232-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1232-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1233-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1233-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1234-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1234-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1235-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1235-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1236-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1236-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1237-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1237-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1238-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1238-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1239-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1239-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\124-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\124-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1240-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1240-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1241-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1241-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1242-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1242-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1243-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1243-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1244-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1244-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1245-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1245-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1246-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1246-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1247-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1247-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1248-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1248-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1249-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1249-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\125-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\125-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1250-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1250-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1251-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1251-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1252-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1252-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1253-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1253-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1254-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1254-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1255-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1255-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1256-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1256-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1257-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1257-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1258-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1258-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1259-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1259-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\126-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\126-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1260-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1260-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1261-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1261-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1262-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1262-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1263-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1263-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1264-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1264-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1265-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1265-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1266-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1266-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1267-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1267-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1268-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1268-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1269-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1269-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\127-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\127-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1270-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1270-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1271-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1271-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1272-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1272-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1273-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1273-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1274-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1274-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1275-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1275-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1276-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1276-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1277-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1277-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1278-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1278-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1279-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1279-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\128-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\128-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1280-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1280-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1281-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1281-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1282-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1282-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1283-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1283-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1284-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1284-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1285-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1285-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1286-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1286-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1287-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1287-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1288-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1288-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1289-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1289-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\129-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\129-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1290-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1290-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1291-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1291-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1292-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1292-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1293-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1293-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1294-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1294-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1295-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1295-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1296-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1296-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1297-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1297-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1298-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1298-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1299-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1299-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\130-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\130-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1300-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1300-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1301-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1301-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1302-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1302-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1303-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1303-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1304-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1304-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1305-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1305-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1306-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1306-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1307-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1307-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1308-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1308-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1309-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1309-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\131-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\131-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1310-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1310-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1311-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1311-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1312-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1312-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1313-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1313-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1314-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1314-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1315-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1315-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1316-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1316-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1317-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1317-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1318-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1318-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1319-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1319-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\132-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\132-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1320-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1320-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1321-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1321-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1322-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1322-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1323-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1323-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1324-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1324-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1325-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1325-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1326-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1326-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1327-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1327-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1328-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1328-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1329-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1329-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\133-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\133-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1330-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1330-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1331-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1331-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1332-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1332-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1333-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1333-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1334-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1334-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1335-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1335-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1336-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1336-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1337-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1337-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1338-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1338-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1339-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1339-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\134-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\134-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1340-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1340-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1341-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1341-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1342-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1342-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1343-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1343-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1344-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1344-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1345-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1345-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1346-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1346-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1347-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1347-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1348-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1348-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1349-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1349-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\135-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\135-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1350-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1350-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1351-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1351-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1352-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1352-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1353-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1353-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1354-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1354-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1355-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1355-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1356-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1356-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1357-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1357-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1358-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1358-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1359-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1359-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\136-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\136-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1360-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1360-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1361-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1361-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1362-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1362-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1363-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1363-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1364-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1364-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1365-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1365-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1366-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1366-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1367-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1367-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1368-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1368-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1369-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1369-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\137-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\137-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1370-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1370-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1371-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1371-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1372-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1372-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1373-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1373-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1374-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1374-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1375-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1375-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1376-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1376-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1377-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1377-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1378-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1378-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1379-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1379-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\138-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\138-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1380-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1380-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1381-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1381-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1382-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1382-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1383-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1383-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1384-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1384-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1385-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1385-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1386-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1386-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1387-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1387-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1388-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1388-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1389-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1389-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\139-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\139-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1390-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1390-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1391-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1391-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1392-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1392-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1393-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1393-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1394-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1394-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1395-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1395-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1396-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1396-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1397-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1397-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1398-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1398-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1399-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1399-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\140-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\140-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1400-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1400-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1401-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1401-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1402-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1402-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1403-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1403-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1404-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1404-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1405-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1405-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1406-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1406-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1407-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1407-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1408-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1408-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1409-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1409-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\141-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\141-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1410-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1410-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1411-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1411-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1412-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1412-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1413-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1413-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1414-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1414-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1415-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1415-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1416-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1416-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1417-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1417-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1418-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1418-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1419-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1419-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\142-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\142-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1420-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1420-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1421-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1421-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1422-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1422-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1423-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1423-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1424-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1424-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1425-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1425-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1426-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1426-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1427-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1427-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1428-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1428-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1429-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1429-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\143-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\143-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1430-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1430-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1431-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1431-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1432-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1432-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1433-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1433-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1434-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1434-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1435-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1435-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1436-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1436-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1437-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1437-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1438-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1438-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1439-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1439-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\144-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\144-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1440-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1440-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1441-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1441-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1442-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1442-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1443-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\1443-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\145-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\145-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\146-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\146-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\147-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\147-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\148-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\148-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\149-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\149-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\150-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\150-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\151-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\151-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\152-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\152-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\153-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\153-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\154-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\154-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\155-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\155-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\156-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\156-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\157-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\157-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\158-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\158-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\159-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\159-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\160-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\160-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\161-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\161-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\162-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\162-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\163-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\163-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\164-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\164-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\165-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\165-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\166-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\166-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\167-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\167-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\168-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\168-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\169-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\169-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\170-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\170-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\171-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\171-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\172-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\172-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\173-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\173-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\174-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\174-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\175-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\175-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\176-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\176-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\177-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\177-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\178-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\178-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\179-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\179-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\180-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\180-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\181-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\181-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\182-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\182-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\183-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\183-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\184-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\184-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\185-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\185-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\186-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\186-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\187-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\187-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\188-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\188-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\189-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\189-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\190-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\190-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\191-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\191-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\192-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\192-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\193-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\193-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\194-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\194-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\195-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\195-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\196-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\196-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\197-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\197-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\198-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\198-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\199-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\199-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\200-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\200-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\201-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\201-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\202-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\202-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\203-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\203-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\204-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\204-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\205-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\205-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\206-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\206-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\207-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\207-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\208-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\208-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\209-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\209-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\210-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\210-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\211-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\211-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\212-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\212-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\213-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\213-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\214-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\214-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\215-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\215-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\216-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\216-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\217-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\217-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\218-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\218-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\219-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\219-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\220-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\220-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\221-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\221-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\222-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\222-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\223-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\223-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\224-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\224-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\225-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\225-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\226-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\226-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\227-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\227-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\228-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\228-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\229-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\229-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\230-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\230-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\231-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\231-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\232-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\232-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\233-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\233-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\234-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\234-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\235-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\235-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\236-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\236-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\237-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\237-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\238-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\238-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\239-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\239-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\240-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\240-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\241-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\241-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\242-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\242-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\243-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\243-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\244-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\244-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\245-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\245-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\246-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\246-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\247-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\247-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\248-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\248-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\249-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\249-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\250-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\250-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\251-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\251-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\252-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\252-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\253-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\253-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\254-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\254-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\255-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\255-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\256-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\256-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\257-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\257-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\258-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\258-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\259-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\259-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\260-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\260-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\261-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\261-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\262-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\262-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\263-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\263-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\264-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\264-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\265-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\265-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\266-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\266-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\267-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\267-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\268-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\268-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\269-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\269-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\270-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\270-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\271-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\271-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\272-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\272-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\273-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\273-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\274-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\274-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\275-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\275-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\276-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\276-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\277-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\277-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\278-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\278-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\279-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\279-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\280-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\280-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\281-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\281-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\282-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\282-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\283-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\283-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\284-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\284-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\285-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\285-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\286-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\286-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\287-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\287-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\288-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\288-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\289-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\289-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\290-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\290-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\291-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\291-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\292-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\292-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\293-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\293-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\294-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\294-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\295-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\295-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\296-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\296-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\297-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\297-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\298-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\298-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\299-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\299-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\300-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\300-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\301-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\301-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\302-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\302-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\303-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\303-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\304-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\304-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\305-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\305-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\306-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\306-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\307-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\307-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\308-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\308-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\309-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\309-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\310-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\310-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\311-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\311-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\312-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\312-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\313-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\313-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\314-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\314-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\315-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\315-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\316-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\316-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\317-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\317-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\318-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\318-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\319-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\319-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\320-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\320-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\321-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\321-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\322-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\322-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\323-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\323-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\324-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\324-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\325-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\325-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\326-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\326-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\327-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\327-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\328-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\328-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\329-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\329-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\330-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\330-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\331-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\331-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\332-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\332-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\333-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\333-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\334-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\334-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\335-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\335-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\336-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\336-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\337-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\337-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\338-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\338-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\339-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\339-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\340-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\340-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\341-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\341-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\342-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\342-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\343-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\343-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\344-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\344-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\345-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\345-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\346-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\346-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\347-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\347-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\348-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\348-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\349-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\349-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\350-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\350-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\351-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\351-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\352-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\352-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\353-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\353-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\354-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\354-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\355-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\355-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\356-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\356-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\357-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\357-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\358-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\358-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\359-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\359-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\360-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\360-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\361-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\361-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\362-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\362-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\363-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\363-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\364-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\364-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\365-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\365-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\366-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\366-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\367-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\367-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\368-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\368-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\369-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\369-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\370-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\370-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\371-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\371-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\372-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\372-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\373-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\373-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\374-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\374-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\375-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\375-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\376-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\376-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\377-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\377-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\378-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\378-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\379-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\379-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\380-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\380-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\381-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\381-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\382-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\382-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\383-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\383-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\384-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\384-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\385-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\385-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\386-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\386-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\387-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\387-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\388-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\388-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\389-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\389-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\390-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\390-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\391-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\391-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\392-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\392-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\393-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\393-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\394-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\394-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\395-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\395-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\396-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\396-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\397-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\397-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\398-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\398-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\399-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\399-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\400-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\400-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\401-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\401-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\402-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\402-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\403-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\403-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\404-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\404-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\405-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\405-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\406-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\406-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\407-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\407-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\408-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\408-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\409-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\409-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\410-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\410-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\411-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\411-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\412-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\412-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\413-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\413-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\414-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\414-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\415-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\415-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\416-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\416-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\417-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\417-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\418-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\418-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\419-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\419-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\420-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\420-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\421-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\421-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\422-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\422-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\423-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\423-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\424-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\424-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\425-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\425-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\426-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\426-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\427-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\427-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\428-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\428-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\429-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\429-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\430-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\430-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\431-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\431-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\432-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\432-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\433-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\433-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\434-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\434-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\435-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\435-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\436-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\436-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\437-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\437-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\438-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\438-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\439-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\439-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\440-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\440-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\441-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\441-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\442-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\442-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\443-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\443-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\444-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\444-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\445-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\445-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\446-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\446-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\447-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\447-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\448-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\448-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\449-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\449-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\450-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\450-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\451-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\451-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\452-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\452-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\453-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\453-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\454-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\454-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\455-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\455-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\456-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\456-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\457-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\457-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\458-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\458-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\459-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\459-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\460-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\460-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\461-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\461-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\462-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\462-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\463-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\463-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\464-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\464-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\465-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\465-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\466-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\466-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\467-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\467-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\468-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\468-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\469-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\469-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\470-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\470-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\471-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\471-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\472-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\472-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\473-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\473-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\474-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\474-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\475-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\475-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\476-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\476-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\477-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\477-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\478-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\478-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\479-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\479-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\480-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\480-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\481-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\481-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\482-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\482-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\483-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\483-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\484-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\484-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\485-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\485-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\486-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\486-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\487-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\487-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\488-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\488-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\489-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\489-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\490-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\490-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\491-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\491-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\492-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\492-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\493-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\493-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\494-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\494-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\495-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\495-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\496-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\496-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\497-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\497-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\498-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\498-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\499-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\499-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\50-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\50-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\500-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\500-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\501-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\501-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\502-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\502-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\503-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\503-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\504-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\504-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\505-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\505-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\506-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\506-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\507-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\507-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\508-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\508-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\509-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\509-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\51-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\51-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\510-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\510-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\511-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\511-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\512-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\512-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\513-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\513-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\514-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\514-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\515-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\515-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\516-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\516-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\517-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\517-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\518-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\518-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\519-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\519-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\52-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\52-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\520-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\520-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\521-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\521-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\522-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\522-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\523-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\523-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\524-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\524-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\525-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\525-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\526-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\526-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\527-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\527-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\528-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\528-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\529-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\529-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\53-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\53-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\530-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\530-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\531-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\531-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\532-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\532-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\533-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\533-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\534-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\534-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\535-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\535-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\536-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\536-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\537-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\537-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\538-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\538-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\539-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\539-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\54-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\54-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\540-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\540-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\541-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\541-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\542-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\542-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\543-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\543-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\544-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\544-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\545-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\545-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\546-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\546-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\547-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\547-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\548-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\548-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\549-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\549-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\55-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\55-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\550-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\550-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\551-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\551-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\552-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\552-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\553-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\553-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\554-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\554-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\555-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\555-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\556-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\556-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\557-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\557-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\558-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\558-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\559-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\559-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\56-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\56-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\560-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\560-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\561-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\561-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\562-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\562-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\563-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\563-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\564-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\564-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\565-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\565-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\566-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\566-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\567-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\567-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\568-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\568-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\569-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\569-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\57-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\57-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\570-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\570-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\571-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\571-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\572-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\572-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\573-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\573-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\574-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\574-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\575-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\575-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\576-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\576-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\577-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\577-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\578-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\578-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\579-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\579-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\58-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\58-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\580-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\580-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\581-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\581-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\582-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\582-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\583-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\583-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\584-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\584-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\585-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\585-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\586-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\586-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\587-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\587-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\588-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\588-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\589-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\589-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\59-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\59-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\590-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\590-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\591-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\591-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\592-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\592-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\593-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\593-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\594-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\594-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\595-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\595-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\596-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\596-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\597-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\597-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\598-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\598-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\599-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\599-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\60-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\60-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\600-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\600-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\601-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\601-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\602-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\602-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\603-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\603-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\604-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\604-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\605-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\605-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\606-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\606-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\607-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\607-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\608-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\608-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\609-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\609-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\61-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\61-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\610-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\610-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\611-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\611-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\612-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\612-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\613-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\613-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\614-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\614-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\615-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\615-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\616-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\616-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\617-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\617-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\618-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\618-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\619-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\619-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\62-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\62-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\620-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\620-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\621-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\621-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\622-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\622-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\623-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\623-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\624-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\624-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\625-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\625-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\626-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\626-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\627-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\627-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\628-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\628-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\629-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\629-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\63-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\63-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\630-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\630-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\631-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\631-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\632-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\632-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\633-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\633-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\634-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\634-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\635-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\635-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\636-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\636-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\637-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\637-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\638-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\638-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\639-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\639-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\64-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\64-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\640-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\640-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\641-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\641-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\642-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\642-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\643-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\643-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\644-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\644-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\645-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\645-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\646-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\646-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\647-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\647-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\648-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\648-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\649-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\649-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\65-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\65-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\650-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\650-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\651-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\651-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\652-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\652-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\653-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\653-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\654-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\654-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\655-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\655-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\656-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\656-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\657-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\657-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\658-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\658-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\659-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\659-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\66-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\66-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\660-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\660-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\661-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\661-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\662-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\662-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\663-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\663-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\664-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\664-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\665-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\665-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\666-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\666-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\667-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\667-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\668-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\668-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\669-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\669-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\67-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\67-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\670-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\670-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\671-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\671-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\672-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\672-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\673-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\673-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\674-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\674-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\675-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\675-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\676-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\676-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\677-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\677-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\678-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\678-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\679-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\679-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\68-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\68-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\680-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\680-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\681-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\681-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\682-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\682-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\683-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\683-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\684-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\684-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\685-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\685-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\686-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\686-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\687-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\687-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\688-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\688-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\689-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\689-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\69-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\69-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\690-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\690-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\691-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\691-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\692-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\692-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\693-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\693-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\694-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\694-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\695-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\695-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\696-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\696-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\697-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\697-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\698-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\698-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\699-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\699-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\70-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\70-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\700-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\700-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\701-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\701-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\702-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\702-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\703-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\703-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\704-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\704-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\705-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\705-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\706-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\706-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\707-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\707-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\708-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\708-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\709-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\709-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\71-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\71-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\710-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\710-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\711-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\711-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\712-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\712-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\713-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\713-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\714-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\714-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\715-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\715-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\716-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\716-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\717-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\717-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\718-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\718-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\719-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\719-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\72-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\72-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\720-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\720-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\721-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\721-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\722-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\722-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\723-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\723-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\724-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\724-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\725-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\725-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\726-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\726-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\727-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\727-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\728-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\728-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\729-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\729-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\73-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\73-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\730-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\730-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\731-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\731-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\732-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\732-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\733-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\733-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\734-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\734-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\735-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\735-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\736-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\736-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\737-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\737-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\738-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\738-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\739-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\739-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\74-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\74-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\740-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\740-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\741-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\741-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\742-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\742-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\743-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\743-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\744-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\744-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\745-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\745-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\746-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\746-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\747-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\747-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\748-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\748-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\749-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\749-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\75-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\75-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\750-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\750-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\751-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\751-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\752-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\752-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\753-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\753-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\754-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\754-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\755-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\755-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\756-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\756-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\757-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\757-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\758-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\758-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\759-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\759-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\76-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\76-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\760-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\760-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\761-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\761-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\762-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\762-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\763-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\763-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\764-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\764-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\765-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\765-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\766-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\766-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\767-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\767-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\768-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\768-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\769-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\769-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\77-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\77-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\770-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\770-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\771-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\771-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\772-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\772-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\773-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\773-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\774-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\774-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\775-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\775-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\776-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\776-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\777-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\777-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\778-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\778-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\779-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\779-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\78-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\78-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\780-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\780-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\781-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\781-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\782-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\782-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\783-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\783-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\784-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\784-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\785-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\785-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\786-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\786-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\787-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\787-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\788-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\788-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\789-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\789-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\79-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\79-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\790-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\790-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\791-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\791-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\792-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\792-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\793-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\793-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\794-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\794-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\795-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\795-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\796-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\796-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\797-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\797-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\798-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\798-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\799-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\799-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\80-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\80-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\800-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\800-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\801-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\801-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\802-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\802-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\803-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\803-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\804-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\804-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\805-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\805-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\806-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\806-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\807-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\807-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\808-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\808-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\809-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\809-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\81-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\81-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\810-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\810-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\811-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\811-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\812-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\812-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\813-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\813-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\814-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\814-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\815-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\815-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\816-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\816-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\817-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\817-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\818-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\818-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\819-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\819-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\82-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\82-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\820-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\820-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\821-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\821-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\822-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\822-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\823-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\823-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\824-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\824-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\825-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\825-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\826-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\826-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\827-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\827-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\828-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\828-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\829-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\829-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\83-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\83-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\830-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\830-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\831-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\831-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\832-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\832-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\833-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\833-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\834-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\834-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\835-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\835-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\836-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\836-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\837-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\837-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\838-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\838-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\839-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\839-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\84-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\84-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\840-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\840-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\841-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\841-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\842-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\842-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\843-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\843-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\844-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\844-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\845-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\845-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\846-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\846-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\847-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\847-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\848-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\848-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\849-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\849-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\85-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\85-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\850-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\850-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\851-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\851-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\852-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\852-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\853-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\853-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\854-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\854-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\855-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\855-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\856-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\856-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\857-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\857-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\858-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\858-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\859-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\859-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\86-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\86-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\860-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\860-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\861-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\861-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\862-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\862-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\863-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\863-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\864-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\864-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\865-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\865-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\866-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\866-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\867-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\867-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\868-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\868-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\869-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\869-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\87-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\87-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\870-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\870-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\871-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\871-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\872-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\872-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\873-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\873-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\874-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\874-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\875-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\875-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\876-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\876-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\877-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\877-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\878-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\878-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\879-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\879-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\88-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\88-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\880-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\880-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\881-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\881-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\882-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\882-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\883-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\883-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\884-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\884-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\885-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\885-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\886-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\886-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\887-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\887-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\888-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\888-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\889-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\889-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\89-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\89-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\890-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\890-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\891-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\891-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\892-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\892-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\893-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\893-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\894-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\894-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\895-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\895-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\896-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\896-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\897-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\897-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\898-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\898-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\899-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\899-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\90-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\90-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\900-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\900-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\901-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\901-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\902-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\902-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\903-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\903-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\904-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\904-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\905-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\905-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\906-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\906-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\907-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\907-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\908-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\908-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\909-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\909-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\91-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\91-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\910-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\910-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\911-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\911-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\912-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\912-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\913-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\913-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\914-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\914-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\915-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\915-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\916-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\916-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\917-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\917-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\918-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\918-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\919-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\919-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\92-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\92-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\920-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\920-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\921-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\921-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\922-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\922-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\923-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\923-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\924-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\924-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\925-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\925-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\926-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\926-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\927-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\927-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\928-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\928-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\929-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\929-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\93-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\93-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\930-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\930-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\931-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\931-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\932-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\932-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\933-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\933-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\934-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\934-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\935-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\935-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\936-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\936-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\937-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\937-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\938-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\938-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\939-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\939-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\94-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\94-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\940-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\940-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\941-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\941-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\942-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\942-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\943-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\943-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\944-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\944-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\945-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\945-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\946-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\946-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\947-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\947-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\948-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\948-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\949-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\949-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\95-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\95-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\950-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\950-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\951-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\951-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\952-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\952-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\953-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\953-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\954-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\954-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\955-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\955-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\956-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\956-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\957-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\957-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\958-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\958-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\959-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\959-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\96-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\96-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\960-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\960-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\961-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\961-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\962-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\962-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\963-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\963-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\964-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\964-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\965-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\965-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\966-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\966-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\967-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\967-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\968-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\968-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\969-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\969-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\97-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\97-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\970-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\970-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\971-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\971-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\972-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\972-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\973-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\973-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\974-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\974-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\975-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\975-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\976-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\976-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\977-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\977-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\978-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\978-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\979-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\979-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\98-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\98-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\980-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\980-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\981-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\981-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\982-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\982-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\983-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\983-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\984-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\984-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\985-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\985-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\986-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\986-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\987-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\987-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\988-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\988-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\989-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\989-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\99-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\99-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\990-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\990-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\991-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\991-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\992-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\992-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\993-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\993-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\994-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\994-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\995-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\995-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\996-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\996-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\997-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\997-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\998-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\998-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\999-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/gpt\logprobs\999-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\0-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\0-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\10-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\10-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\100-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\100-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1000-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1000-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1001-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1001-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1002-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1002-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1003-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1003-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1004-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1004-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1005-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1005-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1006-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1006-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1007-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1007-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1008-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1008-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1009-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1009-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\101-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\101-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1010-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1010-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1011-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1011-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1012-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1012-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1013-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1013-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1014-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1014-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1015-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1015-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1016-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1016-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1017-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1017-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1018-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1018-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1019-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1019-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\102-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\102-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1020-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1020-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1021-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1021-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1022-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1022-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1023-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1023-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1024-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1024-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1025-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1025-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1026-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1026-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1027-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1027-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1028-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1028-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1029-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1029-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\103-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\103-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1030-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1030-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1031-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1031-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1032-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1032-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1033-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1033-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1034-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1034-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1035-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1035-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1036-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1036-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1037-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1037-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1038-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1038-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1039-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1039-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\104-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\104-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1040-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1040-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1041-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1041-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1042-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1042-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1043-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1043-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1044-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1044-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1045-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1045-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1046-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1046-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1047-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1047-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1048-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1048-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1049-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1049-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\105-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\105-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1050-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1050-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1051-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1051-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1052-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1052-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1053-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1053-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1054-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1054-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1055-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1055-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1056-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1056-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1057-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1057-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1058-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1058-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1059-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1059-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\106-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\106-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1060-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1060-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1061-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1061-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1062-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1062-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1063-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1063-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1064-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1064-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1065-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1065-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1066-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1066-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1067-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1067-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1068-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1068-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1069-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1069-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\107-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\107-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1070-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1070-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1071-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1071-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1072-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1072-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1073-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1073-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1074-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1074-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1075-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1075-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1076-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1076-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1077-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1077-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1078-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1078-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1079-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1079-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\108-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\108-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1080-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1080-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1081-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1081-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1082-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1082-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1083-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1083-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1084-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1084-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1085-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1085-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1086-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1086-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1087-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1087-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1088-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1088-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1089-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1089-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\109-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\109-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1090-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1090-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1091-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1091-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1092-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1092-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1093-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1093-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1094-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1094-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1095-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1095-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1096-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1096-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1097-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1097-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1098-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1098-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1099-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1099-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\11-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\11-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\110-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\110-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1100-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1100-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1101-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1101-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1102-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1102-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1103-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1103-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1104-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1104-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1105-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1105-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1106-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1106-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1107-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1107-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1108-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1108-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1109-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1109-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\111-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\111-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1110-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1110-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1111-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1111-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1112-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1112-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1113-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1113-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1114-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1114-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1115-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1115-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1116-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1116-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1117-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1117-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1118-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1118-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1119-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1119-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\112-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\112-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1120-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1120-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1121-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1121-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1122-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1122-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1123-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1123-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1124-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1124-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1125-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1125-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1126-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1126-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1127-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1127-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1128-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1128-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1129-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1129-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\113-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\113-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1130-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1130-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1131-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1131-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1132-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1132-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1133-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1133-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1134-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1134-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1135-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1135-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1136-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1136-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1137-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1137-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1138-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1138-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1139-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1139-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\114-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\114-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1140-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1140-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1141-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1141-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1142-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1142-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1143-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1143-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1144-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1144-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1145-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1145-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1146-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1146-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1147-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1147-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1148-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1148-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1149-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1149-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\115-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\115-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1150-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1150-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1151-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1151-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1152-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1152-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1153-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1153-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1154-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1154-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1155-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1155-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1156-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1156-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1157-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1157-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1158-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1158-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1159-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1159-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\116-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\116-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1160-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1160-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1161-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1161-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1162-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1162-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1163-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1163-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1164-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1164-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1165-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1165-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1166-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1166-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1167-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1167-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1168-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1168-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1169-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1169-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\117-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\117-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1170-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1170-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1171-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1171-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1172-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1172-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1173-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1173-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1174-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1174-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1175-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1175-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1176-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1176-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1177-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1177-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1178-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1178-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1179-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1179-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\118-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\118-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1180-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1180-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1181-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1181-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1182-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1182-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1183-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1183-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1184-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1184-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1185-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1185-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1186-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1186-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1187-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1187-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1188-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1188-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1189-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1189-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\119-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\119-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1190-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1190-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1191-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1191-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1192-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1192-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1193-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1193-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1194-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1194-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1195-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1195-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1196-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1196-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1197-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1197-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1198-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1198-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1199-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1199-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\12-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\12-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\120-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\120-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1200-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1200-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1201-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1201-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1202-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1202-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1203-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1203-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1204-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1204-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1205-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1205-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1206-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1206-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1207-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1207-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1208-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1208-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1209-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1209-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\121-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\121-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1210-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1210-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1211-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1211-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1212-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1212-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1213-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1213-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1214-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1214-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1215-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1215-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1216-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1216-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1217-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1217-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1218-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1218-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1219-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1219-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\122-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\122-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1220-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1220-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1221-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1221-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1222-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1222-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1223-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1223-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1224-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1224-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1225-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1225-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1226-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1226-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1227-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1227-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1228-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1228-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1229-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1229-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\123-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\123-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1230-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1230-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1231-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1231-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1232-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1232-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1233-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1233-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1234-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1234-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1235-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1235-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1236-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1236-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1237-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1237-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1238-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1238-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1239-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1239-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\124-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\124-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1240-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1240-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1241-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1241-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1242-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1242-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1243-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1243-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1244-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1244-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1245-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1245-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1246-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1246-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1247-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1247-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1248-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1248-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1249-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1249-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\125-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\125-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1250-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1250-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1251-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1251-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1252-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1252-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1253-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1253-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1254-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1254-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1255-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1255-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1256-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1256-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1257-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1257-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1258-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1258-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1259-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1259-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\126-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\126-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1260-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1260-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1261-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1261-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1262-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1262-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1263-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1263-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1264-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1264-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1265-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1265-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1266-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1266-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1267-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1267-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1268-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1268-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1269-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1269-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\127-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\127-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1270-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1270-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1271-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1271-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1272-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1272-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1273-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1273-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1274-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1274-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1275-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1275-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1276-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1276-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1277-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1277-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1278-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1278-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1279-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1279-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\128-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\128-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1280-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1280-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1281-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1281-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1282-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1282-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1283-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1283-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1284-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1284-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1285-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1285-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1286-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1286-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1287-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1287-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1288-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1288-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1289-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1289-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\129-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\129-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1290-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1290-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1291-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1291-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1292-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1292-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1293-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1293-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1294-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1294-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1295-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1295-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1296-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1296-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1297-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1297-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1298-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1298-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1299-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1299-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\13-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\13-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\130-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\130-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1300-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1300-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1301-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1301-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1302-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1302-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1303-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1303-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1304-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1304-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1305-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1305-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1306-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1306-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1307-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1307-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1308-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1308-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1309-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1309-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\131-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\131-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1310-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1310-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1311-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1311-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1312-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1312-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1313-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1313-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1314-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1314-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1315-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1315-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1316-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1316-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1317-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1317-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1318-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1318-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1319-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1319-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\132-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\132-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1320-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1320-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1321-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1321-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1322-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1322-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1323-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1323-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1324-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1324-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1325-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1325-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1326-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1326-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1327-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1327-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1328-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1328-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1329-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1329-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\133-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\133-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1330-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1330-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1331-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1331-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1332-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1332-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1333-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1333-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1334-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1334-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1335-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1335-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1336-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1336-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1337-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1337-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1338-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1338-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1339-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1339-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\134-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\134-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1340-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1340-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1341-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1341-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1342-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1342-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1343-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1343-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1344-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1344-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1345-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1345-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1346-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1346-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1347-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1347-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1348-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1348-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1349-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1349-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\135-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\135-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1350-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1350-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1351-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1351-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1352-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1352-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1353-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1353-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1354-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1354-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1355-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1355-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1356-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1356-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1357-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1357-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1358-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1358-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1359-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1359-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\136-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\136-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1360-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1360-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1361-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1361-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1362-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1362-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1363-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1363-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1364-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1364-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1365-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1365-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1366-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1366-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1367-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1367-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1368-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1368-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1369-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1369-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\137-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\137-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1370-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1370-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1371-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1371-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1372-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1372-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1373-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1373-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1374-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1374-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1375-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1375-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1376-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1376-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1377-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1377-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1378-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1378-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1379-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1379-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\138-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\138-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1380-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1380-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1381-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1381-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1382-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1382-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1383-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1383-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1384-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1384-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1385-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1385-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1386-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1386-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1387-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1387-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1388-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1388-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1389-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1389-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\139-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\139-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1390-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1390-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1391-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1391-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1392-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1392-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1393-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1393-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1394-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1394-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1395-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1395-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1396-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1396-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1397-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1397-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1398-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1398-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1399-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1399-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\14-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\14-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\140-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\140-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1400-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1400-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1401-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1401-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1402-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1402-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1403-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1403-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1404-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1404-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1405-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1405-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1406-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1406-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1407-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1407-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1408-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1408-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1409-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1409-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\141-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\141-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1410-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1410-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1411-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1411-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1412-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1412-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1413-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1413-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1414-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1414-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1415-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1415-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1416-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1416-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1417-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1417-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1418-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1418-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1419-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1419-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\142-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\142-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1420-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1420-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1421-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1421-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1422-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1422-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1423-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1423-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1424-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1424-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1425-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1425-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1426-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1426-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1427-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1427-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1428-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1428-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1429-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1429-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\143-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\143-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1430-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1430-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1431-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1431-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1432-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1432-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1433-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1433-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1434-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1434-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1435-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1435-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1436-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1436-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1437-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1437-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1438-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1438-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1439-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1439-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\144-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\144-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1440-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1440-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1441-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1441-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1442-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1442-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1443-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\1443-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\145-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\145-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\146-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\146-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\147-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\147-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\148-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\148-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\149-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\149-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\15-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\15-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\150-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\150-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\151-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\151-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\152-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\152-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\153-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\153-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\154-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\154-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\155-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\155-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\156-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\156-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\157-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\157-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\158-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\158-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\159-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\159-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\16-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\16-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\160-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\160-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\161-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\161-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\162-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\162-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\163-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\163-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\164-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\164-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\165-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\165-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\166-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\166-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\167-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\167-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\168-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\168-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\169-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\169-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\17-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\17-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\170-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\170-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\171-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\171-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\172-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\172-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\173-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\173-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\174-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\174-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\175-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\175-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\176-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\176-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\177-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\177-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\178-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\178-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\179-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\179-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\18-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\18-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\180-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\180-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\181-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\181-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\182-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\182-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\183-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\183-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\184-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\184-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\185-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\185-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\186-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\186-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\187-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\187-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\188-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\188-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\189-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\189-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\19-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\19-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\190-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\190-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\191-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\191-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\192-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\192-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\193-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\193-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\194-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\194-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\195-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\195-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\196-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\196-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\197-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\197-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\198-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\198-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\199-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\199-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\2-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\2-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\20-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\20-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\200-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\200-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\201-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\201-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\202-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\202-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\203-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\203-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\204-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\204-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\205-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\205-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\206-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\206-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\207-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\207-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\208-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\208-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\209-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\209-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\21-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\21-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\210-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\210-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\211-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\211-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\212-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\212-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\213-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\213-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\214-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\214-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\215-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\215-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\216-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\216-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\217-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\217-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\218-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\218-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\219-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\219-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\22-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\22-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\220-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\220-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\221-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\221-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\222-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\222-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\223-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\223-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\224-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\224-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\225-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\225-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\226-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\226-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\227-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\227-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\228-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\228-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\229-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\229-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\23-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\23-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\230-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\230-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\231-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\231-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\232-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\232-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\233-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\233-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\234-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\234-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\235-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\235-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\236-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\236-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\237-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\237-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\238-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\238-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\239-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\239-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\24-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\24-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\240-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\240-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\241-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\241-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\242-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\242-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\243-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\243-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\244-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\244-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\245-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\245-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\246-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\246-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\247-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\247-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\248-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\248-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\249-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\249-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\25-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\25-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\250-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\250-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\251-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\251-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\252-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\252-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\253-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\253-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\254-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\254-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\255-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\255-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\256-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\256-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\257-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\257-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\258-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\258-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\259-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\259-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\26-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\26-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\260-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\260-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\261-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\261-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\262-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\262-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\263-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\263-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\264-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\264-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\265-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\265-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\266-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\266-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\267-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\267-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\268-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\268-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\269-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\269-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\27-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\27-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\270-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\270-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\271-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\271-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\272-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\272-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\273-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\273-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\274-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\274-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\275-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\275-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\276-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\276-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\277-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\277-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\278-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\278-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\279-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\279-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\28-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\28-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\280-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\280-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\281-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\281-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\282-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\282-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\283-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\283-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\284-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\284-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\285-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\285-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\286-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\286-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\287-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\287-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\288-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\288-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\289-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\289-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\29-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\29-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\290-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\290-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\291-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\291-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\292-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\292-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\293-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\293-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\294-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\294-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\295-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\295-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\296-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\296-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\297-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\297-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\298-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\298-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\299-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\299-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\3-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\3-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\30-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\30-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\300-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\300-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\301-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\301-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\302-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\302-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\303-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\303-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\304-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\304-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\305-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\305-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\306-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\306-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\307-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\307-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\308-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\308-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\309-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\309-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\31-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\31-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\310-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\310-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\311-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\311-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\312-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\312-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\313-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\313-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\314-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\314-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\315-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\315-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\316-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\316-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\317-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\317-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\318-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\318-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\319-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\319-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\32-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\32-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\320-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\320-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\321-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\321-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\322-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\322-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\323-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\323-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\324-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\324-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\325-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\325-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\326-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\326-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\327-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\327-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\328-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\328-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\329-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\329-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\33-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\33-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\330-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\330-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\331-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\331-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\332-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\332-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\333-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\333-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\334-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\334-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\335-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\335-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\336-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\336-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\337-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\337-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\338-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\338-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\339-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\339-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\34-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\34-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\340-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\340-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\341-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\341-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\342-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\342-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\343-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\343-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\344-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\344-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\345-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\345-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\346-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\346-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\347-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\347-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\348-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\348-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\349-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\349-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\35-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\35-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\350-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\350-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\351-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\351-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\352-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\352-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\353-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\353-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\354-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\354-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\355-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\355-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\356-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\356-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\357-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\357-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\358-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\358-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\359-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\359-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\36-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\36-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\360-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\360-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\361-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\361-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\362-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\362-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\363-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\363-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\364-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\364-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\365-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\365-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\366-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\366-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\367-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\367-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\368-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\368-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\369-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\369-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\37-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\37-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\370-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\370-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\371-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\371-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\372-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\372-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\373-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\373-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\374-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\374-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\375-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\375-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\376-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\376-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\377-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\377-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\378-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\378-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\379-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\379-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\38-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\38-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\380-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\380-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\381-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\381-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\382-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\382-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\383-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\383-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\384-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\384-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\385-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\385-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\386-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\386-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\387-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\387-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\388-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\388-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\389-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\389-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\39-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\39-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\390-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\390-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\391-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\391-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\392-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\392-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\393-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\393-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\394-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\394-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\395-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\395-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\396-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\396-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\397-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\397-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\398-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\398-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\399-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\399-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\4-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\4-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\40-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\40-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\400-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\400-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\401-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\401-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\402-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\402-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\403-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\403-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\404-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\404-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\405-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\405-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\406-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\406-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\407-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\407-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\408-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\408-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\409-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\409-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\41-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\41-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\410-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\410-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\411-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\411-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\412-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\412-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\413-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\413-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\414-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\414-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\415-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\415-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\416-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\416-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\417-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\417-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\418-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\418-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\419-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\419-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\42-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\42-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\420-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\420-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\421-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\421-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\422-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\422-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\423-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\423-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\424-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\424-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\425-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\425-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\426-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\426-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\427-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\427-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\428-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\428-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\429-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\429-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\43-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\43-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\430-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\430-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\431-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\431-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\432-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\432-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\433-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\433-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\434-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\434-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\435-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\435-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\436-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\436-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\437-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\437-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\438-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\438-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\439-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\439-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\44-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\44-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\440-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\440-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\441-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\441-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\442-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\442-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\443-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\443-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\444-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\444-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\445-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\445-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\446-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\446-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\447-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\447-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\448-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\448-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\449-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\449-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\45-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\45-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\450-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\450-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\451-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\451-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\452-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\452-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\453-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\453-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\454-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\454-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\455-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\455-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\456-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\456-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\457-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\457-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\458-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\458-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\459-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\459-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\46-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\46-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\460-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\460-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\461-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\461-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\462-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\462-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\463-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\463-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\464-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\464-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\465-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\465-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\466-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\466-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\467-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\467-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\468-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\468-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\469-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\469-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\47-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\47-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\470-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\470-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\471-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\471-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\472-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\472-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\473-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\473-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\474-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\474-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\475-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\475-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\476-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\476-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\477-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\477-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\478-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\478-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\479-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\479-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\48-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\48-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\480-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\480-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\481-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\481-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\482-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\482-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\483-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\483-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\484-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\484-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\485-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\485-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\486-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\486-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\487-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\487-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\488-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\488-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\489-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\489-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\49-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\49-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\490-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\490-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\491-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\491-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\492-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\492-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\493-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\493-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\494-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\494-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\495-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\495-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\496-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\496-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\497-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\497-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\498-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\498-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\499-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\499-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\5-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\5-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\50-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\50-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\500-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\500-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\501-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\501-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\502-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\502-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\503-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\503-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\504-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\504-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\505-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\505-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\506-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\506-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\507-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\507-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\508-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\508-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\509-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\509-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\51-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\51-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\510-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\510-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\511-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\511-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\512-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\512-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\513-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\513-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\514-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\514-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\515-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\515-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\516-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\516-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\517-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\517-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\518-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\518-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\519-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\519-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\52-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\52-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\520-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\520-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\521-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\521-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\522-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\522-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\523-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\523-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\524-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\524-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\525-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\525-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\526-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\526-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\527-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\527-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\528-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\528-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\529-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\529-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\53-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\53-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\530-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\530-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\531-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\531-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\532-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\532-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\533-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\533-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\534-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\534-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\535-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\535-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\536-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\536-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\537-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\537-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\538-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\538-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\539-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\539-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\54-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\54-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\540-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\540-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\541-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\541-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\542-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\542-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\543-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\543-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\544-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\544-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\545-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\545-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\546-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\546-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\547-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\547-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\548-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\548-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\549-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\549-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\55-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\55-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\550-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\550-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\551-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\551-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\552-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\552-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\553-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\553-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\554-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\554-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\555-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\555-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\556-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\556-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\557-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\557-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\558-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\558-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\559-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\559-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\56-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\56-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\560-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\560-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\561-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\561-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\562-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\562-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\563-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\563-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\564-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\564-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\565-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\565-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\566-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\566-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\567-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\567-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\568-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\568-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\569-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\569-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\57-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\57-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\570-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\570-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\571-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\571-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\572-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\572-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\573-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\573-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\574-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\574-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\575-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\575-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\576-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\576-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\577-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\577-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\578-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\578-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\579-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\579-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\58-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\58-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\580-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\580-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\581-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\581-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\582-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\582-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\583-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\583-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\584-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\584-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\585-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\585-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\586-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\586-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\587-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\587-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\588-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\588-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\589-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\589-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\59-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\59-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\590-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\590-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\591-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\591-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\592-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\592-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\593-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\593-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\594-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\594-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\595-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\595-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\596-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\596-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\597-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\597-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\598-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\598-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\599-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\599-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\6-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\6-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\60-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\60-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\600-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\600-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\601-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\601-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\602-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\602-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\603-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\603-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\604-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\604-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\605-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\605-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\606-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\606-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\607-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\607-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\608-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\608-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\609-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\609-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\61-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\61-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\610-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\610-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\611-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\611-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\612-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\612-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\613-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\613-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\614-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\614-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\615-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\615-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\616-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\616-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\617-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\617-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\618-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\618-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\619-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\619-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\62-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\62-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\620-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\620-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\621-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\621-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\622-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\622-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\623-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\623-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\624-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\624-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\625-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\625-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\626-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\626-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\627-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\627-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\628-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\628-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\629-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\629-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\63-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\63-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\630-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\630-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\631-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\631-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\632-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\632-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\633-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\633-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\634-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\634-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\635-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\635-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\636-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\636-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\637-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\637-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\638-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\638-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\639-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\639-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\64-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\64-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\640-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\640-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\641-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\641-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\642-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\642-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\643-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\643-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\644-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\644-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\645-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\645-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\646-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\646-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\647-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\647-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\648-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\648-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\649-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\649-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\65-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\65-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\650-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\650-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\651-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\651-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\652-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\652-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\653-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\653-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\654-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\654-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\655-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\655-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\656-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\656-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\657-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\657-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\658-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\658-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\659-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\659-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\66-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\66-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\660-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\660-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\661-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\661-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\662-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\662-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\663-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\663-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\664-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\664-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\665-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\665-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\666-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\666-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\667-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\667-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\668-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\668-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\669-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\669-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\67-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\67-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\670-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\670-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\671-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\671-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\672-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\672-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\673-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\673-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\674-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\674-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\675-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\675-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\676-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\676-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\677-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\677-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\678-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\678-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\679-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\679-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\68-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\68-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\680-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\680-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\681-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\681-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\682-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\682-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\683-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\683-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\684-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\684-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\685-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\685-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\686-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\686-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\687-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\687-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\688-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\688-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\689-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\689-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\69-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\69-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\690-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\690-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\691-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\691-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\692-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\692-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\693-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\693-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\694-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\694-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\695-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\695-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\696-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\696-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\697-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\697-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\698-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\698-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\699-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\699-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\7-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\7-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\70-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\70-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\700-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\700-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\701-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\701-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\702-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\702-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\703-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\703-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\704-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\704-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\705-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\705-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\706-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\706-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\707-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\707-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\708-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\708-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\709-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\709-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\71-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\71-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\710-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\710-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\711-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\711-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\712-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\712-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\713-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\713-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\714-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\714-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\715-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\715-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\716-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\716-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\717-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\717-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\718-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\718-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\719-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\719-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\72-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\72-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\720-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\720-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\721-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\721-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\722-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\722-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\723-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\723-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\724-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\724-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\725-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\725-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\726-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\726-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\727-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\727-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\728-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\728-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\729-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\729-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\73-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\73-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\730-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\730-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\731-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\731-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\732-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\732-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\733-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\733-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\734-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\734-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\735-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\735-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\736-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\736-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\737-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\737-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\738-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\738-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\739-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\739-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\74-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\74-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\740-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\740-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\741-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\741-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\742-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\742-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\743-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\743-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\744-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\744-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\745-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\745-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\746-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\746-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\747-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\747-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\748-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\748-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\749-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\749-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\75-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\75-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\750-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\750-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\751-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\751-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\752-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\752-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\753-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\753-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\754-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\754-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\755-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\755-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\756-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\756-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\757-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\757-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\758-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\758-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\759-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\759-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\76-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\76-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\760-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\760-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\761-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\761-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\762-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\762-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\763-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\763-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\764-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\764-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\765-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\765-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\766-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\766-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\767-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\767-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\768-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\768-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\769-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\769-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\77-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\77-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\770-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\770-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\771-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\771-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\772-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\772-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\773-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\773-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\774-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\774-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\775-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\775-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\776-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\776-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\777-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\777-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\778-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\778-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\779-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\779-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\78-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\78-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\780-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\780-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\781-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\781-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\782-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\782-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\783-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\783-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\784-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\784-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\785-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\785-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\786-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\786-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\787-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\787-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\788-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\788-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\789-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\789-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\79-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\79-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\790-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\790-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\791-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\791-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\792-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\792-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\793-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\793-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\794-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\794-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\795-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\795-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\796-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\796-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\797-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\797-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\798-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\798-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\799-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\799-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\8-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\8-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\80-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\80-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\800-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\800-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\801-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\801-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\802-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\802-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\803-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\803-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\804-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\804-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\805-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\805-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\806-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\806-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\807-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\807-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\808-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\808-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\809-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\809-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\81-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\81-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\810-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\810-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\811-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\811-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\812-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\812-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\813-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\813-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\814-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\814-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\815-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\815-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\816-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\816-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\817-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\817-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\818-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\818-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\819-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\819-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\82-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\82-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\820-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\820-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\821-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\821-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\822-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\822-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\823-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\823-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\824-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\824-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\825-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\825-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\826-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\826-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\827-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\827-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\828-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\828-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\829-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\829-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\83-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\83-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\830-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\830-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\831-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\831-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\832-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\832-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\833-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\833-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\834-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\834-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\835-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\835-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\836-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\836-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\837-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\837-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\838-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\838-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\839-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\839-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\84-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\84-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\840-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\840-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\841-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\841-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\842-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\842-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\843-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\843-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\844-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\844-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\845-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\845-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\846-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\846-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\847-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\847-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\848-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\848-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\849-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\849-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\85-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\85-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\850-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\850-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\851-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\851-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\852-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\852-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\853-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\853-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\854-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\854-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\855-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\855-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\856-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\856-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\857-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\857-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\858-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\858-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\859-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\859-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\86-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\86-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\860-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\860-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\861-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\861-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\862-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\862-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\863-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\863-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\864-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\864-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\865-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\865-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\866-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\866-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\867-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\867-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\868-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\868-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\869-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\869-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\87-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\87-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\870-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\870-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\871-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\871-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\872-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\872-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\873-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\873-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\874-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\874-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\875-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\875-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\876-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\876-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\877-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\877-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\878-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\878-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\879-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\879-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\88-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\88-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\880-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\880-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\881-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\881-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\882-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\882-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\883-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\883-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\884-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\884-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\885-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\885-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\886-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\886-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\887-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\887-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\888-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\888-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\889-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\889-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\89-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\89-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\890-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\890-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\891-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\891-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\892-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\892-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\893-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\893-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\894-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\894-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\895-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\895-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\896-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\896-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\897-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\897-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\898-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\898-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\899-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\899-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\9-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\9-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\90-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\90-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\900-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\900-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\901-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\901-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\902-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\902-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\903-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\903-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\904-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\904-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\905-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\905-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\906-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\906-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\907-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\907-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\908-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\908-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\909-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\909-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\91-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\91-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\910-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\910-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\911-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\911-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\912-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\912-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\913-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\913-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\914-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\914-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\915-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\915-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\916-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\916-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\917-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\917-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\918-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\918-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\919-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\919-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\92-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\92-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\920-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\920-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\921-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\921-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\922-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\922-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\923-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\923-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\924-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\924-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\925-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\925-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\926-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\926-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\927-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\927-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\928-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\928-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\929-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\929-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\93-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\93-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\930-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\930-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\931-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\931-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\932-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\932-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\933-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\933-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\934-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\934-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\935-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\935-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\936-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\936-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\937-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\937-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\938-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\938-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\939-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\939-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\94-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\94-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\940-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\940-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\941-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\941-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\942-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\942-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\943-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\943-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\944-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\944-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\945-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\945-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\946-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\946-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\947-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\947-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\948-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\948-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\949-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\949-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\95-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\95-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\950-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\950-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\951-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\951-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\952-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\952-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\953-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\953-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\954-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\954-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\955-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\955-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\956-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\956-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\957-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\957-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\958-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\958-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\959-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\959-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\96-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\96-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\960-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\960-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\961-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\961-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\962-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\962-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\963-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\963-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\964-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\964-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\965-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\965-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\966-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\966-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\967-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\967-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\968-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\968-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\969-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\969-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\97-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\97-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\970-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\970-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\971-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\971-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\972-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\972-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\973-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\973-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\974-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\974-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\975-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\975-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\976-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\976-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\977-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\977-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\978-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\978-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\979-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\979-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\98-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\98-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\980-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\980-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\981-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\981-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\982-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\982-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\983-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\983-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\984-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\984-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\985-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\985-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\986-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\986-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\987-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\987-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\988-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\988-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\989-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\989-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\99-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\99-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\990-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\990-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\991-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\991-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\992-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\992-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\993-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\993-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\994-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\994-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\995-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\995-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\996-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\996-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\997-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\997-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\998-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\998-ada.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\999-davinci.txt
file reading  essay/data/claude\logprobs\999-ada.txt
Loading logprobs into memory
Best Features: ['trigram-logprobs v-div ada-logprobs v-< davinci-logprobs v-div ada-logprobs s-var', 'trigram-logprobs v-> davinci-logprobs v-div ada-logprobs v-sub davinci-logprobs s-var', 'ada-logprobs v-> davinci-logprobs v-div ada-logprobs v-sub davinci-logprobs s-var', 'ada-logprobs v-> davinci-logprobs v-div ada-logprobs v-mul davinci-logprobs s-avg-top-25', 'unigram-logprobs v-sub trigram-logprobs v-mul ada-logprobs s-max', 'trigram-logprobs v-div unigram-logprobs v-add ada-logprobs v-sub davinci-logprobs s-min', 'unigram-logprobs v-> trigram-logprobs v-sub ada-logprobs v-add davinci-logprobs s-var', 'unigram-logprobs v-mul ada-logprobs v-mul davinci-logprobs v-div ada-logprobs s-avg', 'trigram-logprobs v-add ada-logprobs v-> davinci-logprobs v-div unigram-logprobs s-var', 'unigram-logprobs v-add trigram-logprobs v-sub ada-logprobs v-div trigram-logprobs s-avg-top-25', 'trigram-logprobs v-add ada-logprobs v-< davinci-logprobs v-div unigram-logprobs s-avg', 'ada-logprobs v-mul davinci-logprobs v-div ada-logprobs v-mul davinci-logprobs s-avg-top-25']
Data Shape: (22332, 19)
+-------+------------+-------+
|    F1 |   Accuracy |   AUC |
+=======+============+=======+
| 0.984 |      0.979 | 0.997 |
+-------+------------+-------+
